VERY URGENT PLEASE BEN IGWE & ASSOCIATES 55A martin clouse lagos Nigeria Eemail:(benigwe11111@ny.com) Dear Sir, RE: ABACHA'S FAMILY We were intstructed to contact you by the Abacha's family (family of the former Nigerian Military Dictator and Head of State General Sani Abacha who died on the 8th of June last year while in office) for assistance in the matter stated below. We have been consulted and our services retained by the Late Generals wife who is currently on house arrest as a result of her family's recent confrontation with the present government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria Our client's family accounts in Switzerland and some other countries was recently frozen in the bead by the Nigerian government to get hold of Late General Sani Abachas Money.see attach BBC news publication for your perusal(news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/3333557.stm).Recently the Generals first son was arrested for a murder charge he did not commit and he had been released.see attach BBC news publication for your perusal (news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/2278292.stm). However the late general has some money hidden some where in an European country in the care of a security and finance company to the turn of $25,000,000.00 in cash which the Nigeria government does not know about (PLEASE KEEP CONFIDENTIAL) The funds was moved out of the country via diplomatic means during the late generals reign in power and the family would want you to immediately travel to this European country where this security company is located or any of the affiliated offices where you will take possession of this money and filter it into a profitable business venture to avoid the Nigeria gover nment from impounding this money. For your effort in this you are expected to take 30% of this money. The Abachas family are currently not allowed assess to any of their account both here and outside the country and so are relying heavily on a trusted friend you are and this money in there latest ordeal. Please HOPING TO HEAR FROM YOU.PLEASE ALWAYS GET BACK TO ME ON MY PRIVATE EMAIl(benigwe11111@ny.com ) as soon as possible with a show of interest for more details of this.Enclosed your tel/fax numbers while replying this mail for easier communication . Please treat as urgent Yours Sincerely, Barrister ben igwe Esq. Senior Partner Do you Yahoo!? New and Improved Yahoo! Mail - 100MB free storage!