Attention Please. >From Mr. Alfred Douglas, Head Audit Department, Continental Bank, Cotounu, Benin Republic. TEL: 00229 28 30 63 Please reply to; alfred_douglas1@yahoo.fr My dear, Good day and God bless you. It is with deep sence of commitment, faith and trust that I make this confidential risk free business proposal to you for your assistance/partnership. I am deeply sorry if I have in any manner disturbe your privacy. I am Mr. Alfred Douglas the head of the Audit Department of Continental Bank in Cotounu Benin Republic. Recently, I discovered a domant account with a huge amount of money valued at USD15.500,000.00 (fifteen million ,five hundred thousand US dollars) that belongs to one of our numerouse customers MR.PIERE JOHNSON from Germany who died in a ghastly motor accident in Cotounu on 5th OF May 2000. During the period of my investigation I discovered that the deceased left no will and nobody behind to come for the claim as his beneficiary. Since then several inquiries to locate any of MR. PIERE JOHNSON extended relatives have proved unsuccessful, hence I decided to contact you since the banking law here stipulates that if such money remain unclaimed for a period of time, it will be forfieted to the gorvernment treasury as an unclaimed fund which will be expended on acquiring dangeriouse weaponse for the support of their selfish political interest and promoting wars and ethnic crises in Africa. I have decided to contact you to assist me to pull out this fund from this bank as the business partner of MR. PIERE JOHNSON for the claim of the fund. I want to also bring to your notice that as the Head of the Audit department of this bank if this fund is not pulled out before our auditing the fund fund will be discovered by my colleagues and that will definately lead to the government confiscating the money into the federation account. You might ask what will be the proceedure to achieve this. As soon as I get your positive response to assist me, I will then send to you the proceedure and the next step to follow. So if this meets your interest then get back to me to enable me send to you the procedure of claiming this fund. I have in my possetion all the necessary information of the deceased (MR. PIERE JOHNSON) that will help us successfully accomplish this transaction. You shall be offered 30% for your assistance, while 5% shall be set aside for any expences that we might incure during the transaction. Futher response shall be giving to you as soon as I recieve your positive response. Fell free to call me on my private number (229) 28 30 63 for any question you may wish to ask me. Anticipating your urgent reply. Regards, Mr. Alfred Douglas Alternative email; alfred_douglas1@yahoo.fr