WE NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE SIR, FROM MRS.MAUREEN WUSU. COTONOU, REPUBLIC OF BENIN Dear friend, I am a SierraLeonean by nationality, presently residing here in the Neighboring Benin republic.I got your contact from a representative officer with the Benin centre for external trade, tourism department.We therefore solicit for your assistance to grant us the all moral and technical advise that we may require to relocate/invest overseas. It is true that I had not known you before, but I have no option than to risk believing that God will not let us alone. It's my pleasure to contact you for a business venture which I and my Son, intend to establish in your country. When war erupted in Freetown, there is certain amount of money totalling USD nineteen million($19,000,000.00) which my late Husband was able to move out of Sierraleon through a diplomatic channel,with the assistance of a securities and finance company before he was assassinated by unknown persons. Now me and my son decided to invest these money in your country or anywhere safe enough outside Africa for security and political reasons. We want you to help us to secure the funds and settle it in your nominated account in your country for a joint investment purposes on the followings below. 1) Manufacturing 2) Farming and acquisition of farmlands 3) Hospitality industry As it pleases you to be of assistance to us, we will be glad to Offer to you a 15% of the total funds. We are pleased to update you that the transaction requires little administrative fees to effect the release of the funds at the securities company, this is also one reason whywe rely on your capability to assist us considering my present situation as a widow. As soon as the funds is settled in your account,2% of the total sum shall be deducted to offset every expenses which both parties must have incurred in the process of completing the project including travel and communication.Then reasonable part of the remaining 83% shall be invested on your personal advise. I await your soonest response. Feel free to contact me urgently through my son Victor who is presently seeking asylum in Europe through this email address (victor_wusu1@codehot.co.uk ) information relative to the presence/position of funds which will authorize the securities company to release to you as our partner and beneficiary. NB.The inclusion of your private telephone and fax numbers will be appreciated for effective communication between us. Thanking you in advance for honoring our request and God bless. Mrs.M.Wusu