I NEED YOUR URGENT ASSISTANCE FROM: MR. WILLIAMS SAVIMBI TELL: 27-833-515247 E-MAIL: william_savimbi2001@yahoo.com JOHANNESBURG SOUTH AFRICA Private and Confidential Dear Sir, You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally. I am Mr. Williams savimbi (Jnr) the first son of MR.NKONNOH SAVIMBI, who was recently murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe. I got your contact through my research in the South African Chambers of Commerce & Industries for a responsible and a God fearing person who I can trust by using his personality and his bank account for this transaction. When I got your contact, I prayed over it then I decided to write to you. Before the death of my father, he deposited the sum of USD$10 Million (TENMILLION UNITDED STATES DOLLARS) in one of the private security companies, in Johannesburg South Africa as if he fore saw the looming danger in Zimbabwe. This money is protected in a big metal box and was declared to the security company at the point of deposit as precious valuables e.g.: Gold, diamond and germ stone to avoid the security company knowing that the content of the consignment deposited with them contains cash. This amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the farms and establishment of a new farm in Swaziland. This land problem came when Zimbabwe President MR.ROBERT MUGABE introduced a New Land Act reform, which wholly affected the rich white and some few black farmers. This resulted to killing and mob action by Zimbabwean warveterans. In fact, a lot of people were killed because of this land reform act for which my father was one of the victims. It is for this reason that my family and i who are staying in South Africa now as refugees have decided to transfer my father's money to a foreign country since the law of South Africa prohibits a person with a refugee status to operate a bank account or do any banking transaction in South Africa. As the only son of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking for a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on my family. I must also let you know that this transaction is 100%risk free. If you are really capable and willing to assist me, I and my family has promised to give you 30% of the total money, 10% is for the expenses that may occur during the time of the transaction and the rest of the 70%is for me and my family for the investment in your country. Please contact me immediately with the above recommended private e-mail:william_savimbi2001@yahoo.com phone 27-833-515247 indicating your interest. Please be aware that confidentiality and urgency is very vital to this transaction. Thanks for your mutual co-operation as I expect your soonest response. Best regards Mr. Williams Savimbi