Dear Sir/Madam, I beg you to carefully go through this email and should it not meet your business or personal ethics, please accept my apologies in advance. My name is David Roberts, the Chief Executive of Private Clients & International of the Barclays Group with head office at 54 Lombard street, London EC3P 3AH. I am writing this letter to solicit for your support and assistance to carry out a project concerning a late customer of the bank by name Dr. Victor Morgan, an oil magnet and philanthropist who died on the 14th of June 2002 in the London Hospital after being involved in fatal car crash which also claimed the life of his wife and two sons. Lying in his inactive account in one of our branches is the sum of Thirty Million United States Dollars. Ever since he died the bank has placed a stop on all transactions on this account pending when his next of kin would come forward for necessary actions, identification and collection. Unfortunately from our investigations and confirmations from his attorney he has no family members who are aware of the existence of the money and as such, we have decided to do business with you. If you stand in as the beneficiary of this funds the money will be released to you, after the due processes have being followed. Obviously we do not want this money to go into the Bank Treasury because the banking law and guideline stipulates that if such fund remains unclaimed for 3 years, the money will be transferred into the Bank Treasury as unclaimed debt. This would not take too much time to get done as his lawyer already has the necessary Letters of Administration and court orders from the British high court which are part of the documents required by the Barclays bank to process fund release approvals. To do this work 75% of the money will be for our end, 20% will be for you while 5% will be for any xpenses incurred during the transaction. Please reach me at my private email address above, if willing to do business with us. Thanks and regards, David Roberts. DISCLAIMER: This message contains confidential information and is intended only for specified addressee. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. Please note that we reserve the right to monitor and read any emails sent and received by the Barclays Group under the Telecommunications (Lawful Business Practice) (Interception of Communications) Regulations 2000.