STRICTLY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL 44 LORETT KWAMME CLOSE, LIBREVILLE GABON. [STRICTLY URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL] RE: TRANSFER OF [$126,000.000.00 USD] ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS. Hello: I am Dr. Bello Kabir the General Auditor of highly Capitalized Banks in West Africa. I want to Transfer some Money into your account. This Money totalling the sum of USD$126Million (One Hundred and Twenty Six Million Dollars), was discovered when Auditing accounts in the Bank Of Commerce and Industry also known as the "United Bank for Africa Plc (Gabon)". It was during the process that I got to discover this Money held in one of the accounts with the Bank. My interest on this particular account started when I saw that the account have remained dormant since 1998, as nobody has operated on it since then. My Investigation also revealed to me that the Money belonged to a Foreigner in Gabon: Mr. Alex C. Powell who was the Original owner of the Money and who died in 1998 without writing a "WILL" therefore leaving nobody with any knowledge or trace of the Money. This is therefore the reason why I have contacted you so that you will act as the Beneficiary of the Money and receive it in your Bank account because this money can not be approved for Transfer to a local person here, without valid international foreign passport, but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign Bank account because the money is in US dollars and the former owner of the account Mr. Alex C. Powell is a foreigner too, and the money can only be approved into a foreign Bank account. We will start the first transfer with Twenty six million [$26,000.000] upon successful Transfer without any disappoint from your side, we shall re-apply for the payment of the remaining USD$100Million to your account. I am revealing this to you with believe in God that you will never let me down in this business, you are the first and the only person that I am contacting for this business, so please reply urgently so that I will inform you on the next step to take urgently. Send also the full details of the Bank account to be used for the deposit. Also send me your private telephone and Fax Numbers or easy and better Communication. Be informed that at the Sucessful completion of the Transaction, I will give you 35% of the total Money. 60% will be my share of the Money while 5% will be dedicated to expenses incurred during the Transaction. I will hence be awaiting your reply in earnest as I look forward to a very Sucessful Transaction with you. Yours sincerely, Dr. David Parblo