form ahmed usma Dear Sir, I am Ahmed Usman,Bank Manager of Union Bank PLC,Lagos Branch.I got your contact from the world trade center (WTC) Regional office in lagos,Nigeria.Although the details of my intention was not made known to them.Actually,I listed your name amongst four other names & prayed over them & decided to contact you directly.I have a very urgent & confidential bussiness proposition for you & for our overall mutual interest. On june 6 1997,an American oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation Mr Barry Kelly made a numbered time(fixed) deposit for twelve calendar months,valued at USD$25,000,000.00(twenty five million dollars) in my branch.Upon maturity,i sent a routine notification to his forwarded address but got no reply.After a month we sent a reminder,& finally we discovered from his contract employers NNPC,that Mr.Barry died in an automobile accident.On further investigation,i found out that he did not leave a WILL & all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless.I therefore made further investigation & discovered that Mr.Barry did not declare any next of kin in all his official documents,including his bank deposit paperwork. This sum USD$25,000,000.00 is still floating in the bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.No one will come forward to claim it.According to Nigerian Laws, At the expiration of 6 (six) years,the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently,my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as a next of kin of Mr Barry Kelly.This is simple 1)I will like you to provide me immediately with your full names & address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents & affidavits,which will put you as next of kin. 2)We shall employ the services of two attorneys for drafting & notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favour for the transfer. 3)A bank account in any part of the world,which you will provide to facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary.The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you.There is no risk at all as the attorney and my position will do the paperwork for this transaction as the branch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.If you are interested,please reply immediately via this private email address. Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand.PLEASE OBSERVE UTMOST CONFIDENTIALITY,and be rest assured that this would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Awaiting your urgent reply via this email above,please save me the anxiety of endless waiting. God bless you. Mr.Ahmed Usman. Union Bank PLC, Lagos,Nigeria. Yahoo! India Matrimony: Find your life partner online.