urgent reply FROM THE DESK OF DON HOSE NANDO AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING MANEGER , BANCO POPULARE DE ESPANA. Dear Friend, I am the manager of billing and exchange at the foreign remittance department of BANCO POPULARE DE ESPANA here in Madrid Spain. In my department. we discovered an abandoned sum of ??m euros (FOURTY Million euros) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer (MR. Rudi Fassnacht from Cologne, Germany) who died along with his entire family in Jully 2000 in a plane crash.For more informations about the crash you can visit this site: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidlings and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the Spanish treasury government account as unclaimed funds. The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed after five years, the money will be transfered into the government treasury account as unclaimed funds. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Spanish cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the provision of a foriegn account ,10% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the business and 60% will be invested in any lucrative business of your choice and as soon as this is done, i will resign from my work and join you immediatelly. Remmember that the trust leed upon you is based on mutual business understanding and a life time opportunity which i believe you will not allow it go. To enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as arranged,you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased with a text of application that i will send to you,so i will like you to send to me your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where the money will be remitted. Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of the application . I will not fail to bring to your notice this transaction is hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as All required arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter. Trusting to hear from you immediately.send all correspondence by email don_hosenando@yahoo.com for security reasons Yours Faithfully, DON HOSE NANDO