From: EMMANUEL JEFF From: EMMANUEL JEFF Abidjan Cote D'Ivoire. Dear sir, Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you . I am djiouf samba The first son of late Mr and Mrs ATTAH JEFF of Zimbabwe and my family comes from the royal lineage. My father was a very wealthy GOLD and COCOA manchant who based in ACCRA GHANA and ABIDJAN respectively, The economic capital of cote D’Ivoire. He was poisoned to death by his business associate on one of their business outings. When my mother died on the 21ST october 1994 , My father took me and my brother so specail because we were motherless. Before the death of my father on the 29th April 2002 in a private hospital here in Abidjan , He sincerely called me on his bed side and told me that he had a sum of 3.5OO MILLION USA DOLLARS) kept in a security company in (AFRICA). He also said that the security company does not know the content of the safe Box.He also used my name to Deposit the money as his first Son for next of kin. He also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business assocaites, That I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where I will transfer this money and use it for investment purposes, I want you to assist me in clearing this fund into your account overseas as a beneficiary of the fund, and also use it for an ivestment purpose, such as real estate management. My intrested areas of investment are; REAL ESTATE,HOTELS, PETROLUM INDUSTRY. , I am honourably seeking for your assistance in the following ways. (1)To assist me to clear this fund from the security company and transfer to your account successfully. (2) to provide a bank account into which this money would be transfer to. (3)To serve as the guardian of this fund since I am a Boy of (22)yrs . (4) To make arrangement for me to come over to your country to further my Education and to secure a residential permit in your country. Moreover, I am willing to offer you 15% of the total sum as compensation for your effort /input after the successful transfer of this fund to your nominated account. Furthermore, you can indicate your option towards assisting me as I believe that this transaction would be concluded within 14days,from the day you signify interest to assist me. Awaiting to hear from you soonest. Please reach me through the E-mail address above, to enable us discuss the modanities. Thanks and God bless you as you for your anticipated coperation. THE IS MY EMAIL Best Regards, EMMANUEL JEFF Do you Yahoo!? Yahoo! Search presents - Jib Jab's 'Second Term'