URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL FROM HAJIA MARIAM ABACHA. Dear sir, Following the sudden death of my husbandGeneral Sani Abacha the late former head of state of Nigeria in June 1998, I have been thrown into a state of utter confusion, frustration and hopelessness by the present civilian administration, I have been subjected to physical and psychological torture by the security agents in the country. My son is still under detention arraigned before the federal high court of Nigeria for an offence he did not commit. As a widow that is so traumatized, I have lost confidence with anybody within the country. You must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited by my husband in different security firmsabroad, some companies willingly give up their secrets and disclosed ourmoney confidently lodged there or many outright blackmail. In fact the total sum discovered by the Government so far is in the tune of $700Milliondollars. And they are not relenting to make me poor for life. I got your contacts through my personal research,and out of desperation decided toreach you through this medium.I will give you more information as to this regard as soon as you reply. I repose great confidence in you hence myapproach to you due to security network placed on my day to day affairs I cannot afford to visit the embassy so that is why I decided to contact you and I hope you will not betray my confidence in you. I have deposited the sum of 28.6million dollars with a security firm abroad whose name is witheld fornowuntil we open communication. I shall be grateful if you couldreceivethis fund into your account for safe keeping. This arrangement is known to you and my son Mustapha alone, so my son will deal directly with you as security is up my whole being.I am seriously considering to settle down abroad in a friendly atmosphere like yours as soon as this fund get into your account so that I can start all impossible,just help me in diverting this fund into your account which will accrue you 30% of this fund . Please honesty is the watch word in this transaction. I will require your telephone and fax numbers so that we can commence communication immediately and I will give you a more detailed picture of things. In case you dont accept please do not let me out to the security as I am giving you this information in total trust and confidence. I will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith.Please expedite action. Please contact me through my alternative email: HAJMA202@YAHOO.CO.UK. You can call my son on this number: 234-803-5383158. as i have brief him about you. Sincerely yours, Hajia Mariam Abacha