DEAR FREIND FROM MR. SHAKIR ABDUL DIRECTOR IN CHARGE OF AUDIT AND ACCOUNTS UNIT, FOREIGN REMIITANCE DEPT. OF AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK(ADB) EAST AFRICA. STRICTLY PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL. With due respect, I am Mr. SHAKIR ABDUL,the director in charge of audit and accounts unit,foreign remittance dept.of the AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB),TANZANIA IN EAST AFRICA. I decided to contact you for a beneficial and risk-free business transaction. During our auditing and investigations in this bank,my department came across the sum of (US$35,000,000.00) THIRTY-FIVE-MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY, belonging to an international business man who died along with his family on the 31st October 1999 in a plane crash, in an Egyptian airline ( Egypt- Air) 990 - with other passengers on board. You can confirm this from the website below which was published by CNN.WEBSITE.http://www.cnn.com/2002/US/03/21/ntsb.egypt.air/index.html OR www.theatlantic.com/doc/prem/200111/langewiesche . Before our discovery of this development, there was no trace of claim from any person as the fund remains dormant in his account with this bank. Although I keep this information secret whitin my jurisdiction to enable us put claims and transfer the said amount through a trustworthy friend overseas whom we shall indirectly present to the bank as the bonafide next-of-kin to the deceased for a profitable and successful transaction - Because after five years the money will be called back to the bank's treasury account as unclaimed bills and the money shared amongst the directors of the bank. So it is on this note that i decided to seek for a foreign assistance whom his name shall be used as the next of kin/beneficiary to this funds rather than allow the bank directors to share this money amongst them at the end of the year. Meanwhile, all the arrangments/documents to put claims as the bonafide next-of-kin to the deceased,to get the required approval and transfer of this money to a foreign account has been put in place.The directives and the needed informations will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your interest and willingness to cooperate fully.Infact, we could have done this alone but because as civil servants we are not legally allowed to operate foreign account in our country and it would eventually raise an eyebrow on our side during the time of transfer because we are staffs of the bank.These are the actual reasons why it requires a second-fellow who will forward claims by our indirect support as the bonafide next-of-kin.And also present a foreign bank account (Old or New account)where the money will be transfered into. On conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 25% of the total sum as gratification, 5% of the total sum will be set aside for contingency,while 70% will be for me and my partners here. Please you have been advised to keep top secret as we are still in service and intend to retire from service after we conclude this with you.I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm the money in your account,We then come down to your country for subsequent sharing of the fund according to the percentages indicated above, and for investment purpose like in any country you may as well advise us professionally on how to invest the money. All other necessary informations will be sent to you when i receive an email response from you or a telephone call. Pls. You can mail me anytime via the above email address for confidential purpose. Expecting your urgent response. Yours Sincerely, SHAKIR ABDUL.