URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION MR OLAJIDE LUCAS Gulf Coastal Internatoinal bank, Victoria Island Branch, Lagos, Nigeria. ATTN, I am MR OLAJIDE LUCAS Branch Manager with Bank of the North Victoria Island Branch Lagos Nigeria,I have an urgent and very profitable business proposition for you that should be handled with extreme confidentiality. On January 6,1999 a Foreign Oil Consultant and contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Mr. James Herbert by name made a numbered time Fixed Deposit for twelve calendar months valued at US$38.6M(Thirty Eight Million, Six Hundred United States Dollars Only) in my branch. Upon maturity I sent a routine notification in accordance with the Bank policy to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month we sent a reminder and finally wediscovered from his contract employers the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) that Mr. James Herbert died from an automobile accident. On further investigation, we found out that he died without making a Will and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigations and discovered that Mr. James Herbert did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank,and according to Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5 years the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. This prompted us to contact you.We will like to front you as the next of kin of our late client thereby making you the legal beneficiary of the sum of $38.6 million U.S Dollars that is presently in my branch. I contacted you because it is against our code of ethics to own and operate foreign accounts and your assistance would be needed to claim the money in the Security Company . We have unanimously agreed that 25% of the entire sum would be for you if you agree to take part in this profitable transaction,70% for me and 2 of my colleagues while the remaining 5% would be used to pay back the expenses that may be incurred during the course of the transaction by both parties after the fund has been claimed as the next of kin. In the event that you are genuinely interested in the transaction,there are some information would be needed from you to commence transaction. FULL NAME,CONTACT ADDRESS,PHONE AND FAX NUMBER. The transaction is 100% risk free as all modalities has been perfected to ensure the hitch free success of the transaction. I await your urgent response THANKS FOR CO-OPERATION MR OLAJIDE LUCAS