Joint-Venture. Dear, I am Mr Malick Diop, the director of Contract Awards and Finance Allocations of the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing. I presided over the award of the building of the federal government satellite housing estates at here in Dakar, the new federal capital city of Senegal. During the bid for the contract, I had a pact with the eventual winner of the bid and the contractor of the project to inflate the contract sum to the tune of US$30 Million Dollars. The contract has since been executed, and job completion certificate duly awarded. Furthermore, the payment for the contract has been fully made to the contractor leaving behind the over-inflated amount of US$30 Million Dollars, which I have secured under contract ref. No: FMWH/FRN/108X01/2002. The problem now is that as a senior civil servant, I am prohibited by the civil service code from running a private business or foreign bank account. Moreover, I am required to declare my assets annually with the civil service commission for verification and clearance, and therefore, cannot defend this large amount of money as an addition to my assets without compromising my reputation and the impeccable records I have achieved over the years. Therefore, I need your cooperation to be present as a sub-contractor in the execution of the project/contract to claim the fund on my behalf. For volunteering your cooperation in this deal, you are entitled to 40% of the fund. Should this be acceptable to you, kindly indicate in writing and confirm the following: Telephone and fax numbers for prompt communication. Bank name, address and account number where the fund will be moved. Full name of company and address or personal name and address that will serve as the beneficiary/sub-contractor to claim the fund. Furthermore, as soon as this fund is transferred into your bank account, I will require you to still act as my agent in investing my share in estates/landed properties and financial securities in your country. I want to emphasize here that this deal is free from any form of risk from both parties as great care has been exercise in perfecting it, and therefore, I enjoin you to approach it with an open mind and without any fear whatsoever. As a deal, I make haste to advise that you should be private about it. Kindly channel all correspondences through: marlick_diop@myway.com Mr.Malick Diop. -- No virus found in this outgoing message. Checked by AVG Anti-Virus. Version: 7.0.300 / Virus Database: 265.8.5 - Release Date: 03/02/2005