Researchers post from a_vlachko03@pro-alliance.info requires approval As list administrator, your authorization is requested for the following mailing list posting: List: Researchers@lists.si.UM From: a_vlachko03@pro-alliance.info Subject: APEX TRUST Reason: Post by non-member to a members-only list At your convenience, visit: http://lists.si.UM/mailman/admindb/researchers to approve or deny the request. Dear Friend, My warmest greetings to you. Firstly let me introduce myself. I am Agnessa Vlachko, personal secretary to Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Russia's richest man. Mr. Khodorkovsky is Chairman & C.E.O Yukos Oil (One of Russian's Largest Oil Company) and Menatep SBP Bank (A well reputable Financial Institution). He was arrested in October 2003 when masked and armed members of the security police force stormed his private jet at an airport in Siberia. Mr. Khodorkovsky was arrested for his involvement in politics by financing the leading and opposing political parties (The Union of Right Forces, led by Boris Nemstov and Yabloko, a liberal/social democratic party led by Gregor Yavlinsky) which poses treat to President Vladimir Putin. In 2003, Sibneft (Another of Russian's Largest Oil Company) and Yukos agreed to merge. Mr. Roman Abramovich who controls Sibneft received US$3bn in cash and a 26 per cent stake in the merged company in return for his 92 per cent in Sibneft. Mr. Mikhail Khodorkovsky my boss received the sum of US$106million in cash. The stated sum was kept in a Financial Institution here in Europe by me under instructions from my boss. I was to make payment to an American oil merchant on behalf of Mr. Khodorkovsky for his last oil deal before his arrest. There has been a bulk freezing of Russian Bank Accounts linked to the Yukos Company that is why foreign aid is required. Presently, the Russian court has frozen the assets of Yukos due to an unpaid tax claim during 2000 and the company may be forced into bankruptcy. This is all an attempt by the Russian government to bring about the total destruction of Yukos and erode the personal wealth of Mr. Khodorkovsky. Fear of arrest has forced all the firm's top executives to remain outside Russia. I have presently relocated to London. My boss has therefore instructed me in confidence to look for a reputable and capable individual who can assist us receive the US$106million for safekeeping and subsequent investment. All matters will be handled discreetly for safety of the funds. As personal secretary to Mr. Khodorkovsky, I have all the necessary documentations to lay claim to this fund on your behalf. You will be compensated with 10% of the total sum for your partnership. You will be required to stand as the beneficiary of the quoted sum, while I arrange all relevant documents, which will enable the European Bank release the sum to you. Once I am convinced of your preparedness to assist in concluding this transaction I shall provide you with more details. Please reach me immediately through the email address a_vlachkoc11@excite.com sending to me your confidential telephone and fax number(s) so that I can reach you as soon as possible. Thank you as I look forward to your earliest response. Yours sincerely, Agnessa Vlachko. APEX TRUST If you reply to this message, keeping the Subject: header intact, Mailman will discard the held message. Do this if the message is spam. If you reply to this message and include an Approved: header with the list password in it, the message will be approved for posting to the list. The Approved: header can also appear in the first line of the body of the reply.