Researchers post from abacha_abj@mycommail.com requires approval As list administrator, your authorization is requested for the following mailing list posting: List: Researchers@lists.si.UM From: abacha_abj@mycommail.com Subject: request Reason: Post by non-member to a members-only list At your convenience, visit: http://lists.si.UM/mailman/admindb/researchers to approve or deny the request. Dear Friend, I am Mrs. Mariam. Abacha, the widow of General Sani Abacha the Late Nigerian Head of State. I am presently in distress and under house arrestwhile my son Mohammed is undergoing trial in Lagos and Abuja though he has just been recently granted bail under the condition that my family refunds to the Federal Government some amount of money. The government has frozen all the family account and auctioned all our properties. Refer to this website about my husband's loot and you will understand what I mean http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1935646.stm To save the family from total bankruptcy I plan to ship through an undercover courier company,the sum of US24, 000,000.00. kept by my late husband.The money was was carefully packed into a Trunk Box and deposited with the Company has Material`s of Inheritance and Jewelries to beat the Nigerian Security. However, because of the security Watch on us,i may not be able to carry out this Transaction with you. And also because of the numerous SCAMs going on in my Country,and the fact that alot of people might be taking advatntage of our situation for such Scams I had to soilicit the assistance on an Oversea Lawyer to help us in this Transaction. On your willingness to assist us,i will want you to contact my Lawyer His Name: Barrister Richard Ayodeji E-mail: richieayo_ng@yahoo.ca or get back to me via my alternative email address: abacha_ma01@yahoo.it. Conclusively, we have agreed to offer you 20% of the total sum while 80% is to be held on trust by you until we decide on a suitable business investment in your country subsequent to our free movement by the Nigerian Government. For obvious security reasons, it is imperative that you keep all our communication very secret. At the moment as we are being placed under serious secirity watch by the government. All our travel papers and bank documents have been seized by them. Do not mention my family,s name or disclose the transaction to anybody. If you are not interested in assisting me, please respond to this email quikly as time is of the essence. Sincerely Yours, Mrs. Mariam Abacha. If you reply to this message, keeping the Subject: header intact, Mailman will discard the held message. Do this if the message is spam. If you reply to this message and include an Approved: header with the list password in it, the message will be approved for posting to the list. The Approved: header can also appear in the first line of the body of the reply.