Regards #1105 James Park, johannesburg, South Africa. Copy To:(benard_mcarthy@walla.com) Compliments Of The Day, Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is Dr Benard Mcarthy,A Top Management Official of one of the finance corporation in johannesburg south Africa.I came to know about you in my private search for a reliable person/company to handle an important assingment on behalf of my Colleagues and myself.As a matter of fact, I got your information from Miss Natasha Johnson of The International Affairs Department Of The South African Chamber Of Business. Proposition A German Mr. Wolfgang Schinister, 66 years of age and a prosperous oil\Gold merchant had in our Bank the sum of $35.5million in a domiciliary account. Unfortunately, he was killed in 2002 plane crash involving concord AF4590 in Gonesse, France. Efforts had been made by the management of my bank through the German Embassy in johannesburg to contact any of the deceased children but to no avail,as we were made to understand he had no children.Given the skeletal information available to the bank, it has so farbeen impossible to reach any of the relatives. The situation left for the Management is to declare the deceased account dormant and revert the Amount to trading on behalf of the interest of the Bank. In order to avoid this development, my Colleagues and I now seek your approval to have you stand as a distant relative to Mr.Wolfgang Schinister,so that the money would be released to you. All documents and proofs to enable you get the money will be carefully packaged once we receive your consent on this proposal.I shall Apply for a leave as soon as the funds gets into your reliable account to come to your country for possible sharing and investment opportunity which you will assist me in doing.May I assure you that this is safe and risk-free, as we have taken care of all necessary modalities to ensure a hitch-free movement. I have the authority of my partners involved in this assignment to propose that should you be willing to assist us in this,your share would be 30%. I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me. Please Copy your reply to (benard_mcarthy@walla.com) if you are interested in my offer/proposal. Best Regards, Dr. Benard Mcarthy. Republic Of South Africa http://webmail.wanadoo.es. Tu correo gratuito, rápido y en español