Good day Hello, This is confidential... My name is Kojo William; I am 21years old from Kwame Nkrumah Street Kasua of Accra the capital state of Ghana, West Africa. My late father Kofi Williams was the formal bank manager of Eco-bank of Africa for the period of ten years. The resent 26th December 2004 tsunamis earthquake disaster of Asia that claims the life of many people also claimed the life of my father on his December 24th trip to visit his business partner for investment in Asia Indonesia. just last week when I was searching through my father's brief-case, I discovered a lot of document and one of the document reveals that my father has deposited $10.5M (ten million and five hundred thousand dollars) in a bank vault in Europe and my name is the next of kin.but i and my mother has never been to Europe before, but your country is my dream country where I will like us to invest this fund. i like your country and i believe you are honnest and serious people when it comes to agreement and business transaction and when it comes to striking deals. I am seeking for your assistance to sponsor this transaction in which you will help me to come to Europe, so that we can meet ourselves face to face. This will give us the opportunity to familiarize ourselves to go together to the bank and order them to transfer the fund to your bank account in your country. I want you to stand for me as a proxy person that's my late father 's foreign business partner so a s to get the fund out of the bank and to transfer it to your bank account in your country where we can make use of it in lucrative business investment in your country. My mother and I have agreed to compensate you with 20% out of the total sum and 5% for your expenses.can't yourself lucky my dear friend, but remember that we must strike this deals by its rules as my mother told me that i should negotiate with a reliable person that will help us claim this cash. nobody should cheat or have any bad plans against eachother. if you don't have the capacity of bringing $10.5M into your account, then you have to look for somebody who is capable, then you will combine with him and meet me in Europe. The transaction is only known by you, I and my old sick mother who is presently in the hospital because she had heart-attack immediately she hard that my father is dead. The secrecy and confidentiality of this transaction should be maintained. It's a secret of my life; Indicate your fax and telephone number so that I can reach you when necessary and for more information.you can also mail me via "kojowilliam2005@hotmail.com" Awaiting your urgent response. Regards, KOJO WILLIAM.