Researchers post from jameswilliam@eresmas.com requires approval As list administrator, your authorization is requested for the following mailing list posting: List: Researchers@lists.si.UM From: jameswilliam@eresmas.com Subject: RE: FROM J. WILLIAM Reason: Post by non-member to a members-only list At your convenience, visit: http://lists.si.UM/mailman/admindb/researchers to approve or deny the request. CONTINENTAL BANK PLC LAGOS, NIGERIA Good Day, My name is James William, a Manager with the above bank located in Nigeria, West Africa. I have a proposal for your consideration and will be glad if you would give your co-operation so that we could exploit the opportunity together. The agent of an oversea penticostal church opened an account with our bank at the time of establishment some years back. The account is for the purpose of receiving support donations for the church. Curiously, this account was only operated for one year and abandoned. For the past years, donations have been pouring into the account from ignorant donors. I investigated and found out that the church opened similar bank accounts in many countries and as it grew, some of the accounts were abandoned especially in countries where the church had no physical presence. It was also discovered that some of the evangelist/agents overseeing the accounts were disgruntled at how church finances were managed and had to leave the church. I have been monitoring this bank account for some years; - from the time when there was only US$500,000 in the account to now when the account has over US$15Million. The interesting thing is that the donations are unanimous; so even the donors keep their identity secret. I and my top colleagues at the bank have agreed to treat this money as an abandoned account. They mandated me to source for a foreign partner to whom the bank could bequeath the money for charity. The financial laws of Nigeria is liberal in this respect as it permits the banks to bequeath such abandoned bank accounts to individuals or organizations that will use the fund for charitable courses. My reason for writing you is to solicit your co-operation so that you could be presented as the individual to whom this money will be bequeathed. We propose a 50/50 sharing arrangement between you and the CONTINENTAL BANK GROUP. If you accept, please confirm to me by a return email so that I can brief you on how we can harness this opportunity to our mutual benefit. You should also provide me with your telephone number to enable me call you. Accept my best wishes as I await your positive reply. James William ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ¡Viaja! Disfruta estos Puentes de las mejores vacaciones, vuelos y hoteles! http://viajes.wanadoo.es/ If you reply to this message, keeping the Subject: header intact, Mailman will discard the held message. Do this if the message is spam. If you reply to this message and include an Approved: header with the list password in it, the message will be approved for posting to the list. The Approved: header can also appear in the first line of the body of the reply.