YOUR ATTE PLEASE /10.5M$ ATTN PLEASE: I NEED YOUR ADIVSE. My Dear, I know you will be suprise to recieve this proposal from someone you have never seen before. In a nutshell I am Miss Ife Williams Boko 25yrs old.The Daughter of Late Dr Williams ,who died alonge side with the former millitray leather of the federal republic of Cote D' Ivoire,general Guei,during the coup attemt by the rebells,which took the lifes of many people in my country. I am constrained to contact you because of the maltreatment I,m receiving from my step mother. She planned to take away all my late father's treasury and properties away from me since the unexpected death of my Father. Meanwhile I wanted to escape to the United Sates but she stoled my international passport and other valuable travelling documents.But luckily she did not discover where I hide my fathers deposite File where important documents are kept. So I decided to run to Dakar Senegal for safety also to seek for asylum in the refugee camp to contact you confidencially. She have even closed all my late father's , just to put me into suffery and starvation. Now I urgently need an assistance of a reputable and trustworthy Foreigner who will help me to retrieve this money deposited by my late father in a Finance House, l and subsequently stand on my behalf, as the next of kin. The money have been saved and deposited with a Finance House. He deposited the sum of 10.5M US dollars (ten point five million united state dollars.)I am here with the Deposite Certificate and the death certificate of my late father ,all will be sent to you upon request as soon as i get you well, know body knows what i have and where i am. It t herefore became very necessary and urgent that somebody in your foreign position should render a helping hand to safe-guard this fund for me in safe until my arrival in your country.I am asuring you 100% rist free,and i have map out 15% of the total money for your kind assistance while 5% will be kept aside for any miscellaneous expenses incurred . This is the reason why I decided to contact you. Please all communications(replies) s hould be through this email address(ife_boko_williams@yahoo.co.uk ) for confidentialpurposes.Please your urgent responce will be highly appriciated. Thanks Miss Ife. B. Williams