VERY URGENT ASSISTANT IS NEEDED.please reply me back ASAP Good Day, May it not be a surprise to receive this letter from me, considering the fact that you do not know me? First I must seek for your understanding and with hope that you will have the wisdom to understand this matter and be in a position to help as you will be surely blessed as you help.I am MR GEORGE ABBEY,I am 41 Years old and also a Branch Manager with a Bank in Nigeria named, UNITED BANK FOR AFRICA{UBA} . I have a Transaction which I think will be of mutual benefit to both of us. In my desire for a befitting foreign partner with whom to do this transaction with, I got your contact from a foreign trade Centre in my Country. As the manager of a branch of UBA, I discovered some Amount of money while I was auditing accounts for the 2001 financial year which has been lying there for over 3 years. On further inquiry, I discovered that this money totaling about USD$2O.5 Million (Twenty Million! Five hundred thousand United States Dollars) including accumulated interest which belonged to one MR. ROBERT LIN, a Chinese National who lived here and died intestate without providing anybody to claim the money. This man died Through a plane crash of ADC airlines in 1998.I have successfully secured the money and with the assistance of powerful contact, the money has been moved out of my bank and deposited in a security company for safe keeping. I am therefore requesting to have your personal information to enable me prepare documents which will authenticate that the funds belongs to you as the next of kin to MR.ROBERT LIN and to enable you claim the money since nobody has come to claim the money. According to the law here if by the end of this year nobody comes up for the money it will be claimed by the Management of my bank.I am sure that you will be in a position to provide a safe account where the money Will be deposited pending my arrival to meet with you. For us to file application of claim to this money as the next of Kin i will need to have your personal information's which includes , YOURFULL NAME AND ADDRESS,TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER, AND YOUR FULL BANK DETAILS WHERE THIS FUNDS WILL BE TRANSFERRED TO. This transaction is absolutely risk free with no legal complications as we have made arrangements to secure all the legal documents that will free us from any litigation, I have made all necessary arrangements with the security company, that as soon as I get your confirmation of interest in this venture, we shall put in all the necessary paper which will authorize the security company to process the funds and get it transferred through their offshore bank, to your account. In doing this you must have to maintain a high degree of trust and adequate confidentiality is required and on successful completion of this transfer to your account, I have agreed that you will retain 30% of the total sum while 70% will be for me. Finally I want you to note that we are going to spend money where Necessary to make this venture work out successfully. Therefore, confirm your interest in this transaction immediately by sending the above mentioned information's as to enable us finalize this issue as soon as possible. I need to emphasize once again that a high Degree of trust and confidentiality is required in this transaction. Finally i want to inform You that as soon as the funds are in your account and the sharing completed between us.You will introduce me into lucrative business in your country because i will like to invest most of my money in your country. Please reply through this email: - {georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com } awaiting your urgent response ASAP. Yours Faithfully GEORGE ABBEY Email:- georgeabbey43@indiatimes.com