YOUR POSITIVE RESPONSE IS NEEDED Dear Friend, TREAT WITH UTMOST SECRECY AND CONFIDENTIALITY My name is John Bruno; I worked in a bank here in the United Kingdom. I am contactingyou of a business transaction, of a huge sum of money from A deceased client of mine.Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude Will make any one apprehensive and worried, butI am assuring you that everything has been taken care off, and all will be well at the end Of the day. I decided to contact you due to the urgency of thistransaction. FACT: I was the account officer of a foreigner named Gerald Welsh who died in an air crash along with his wife on The 31st October 1999 in an Egyptian airline 990 with Otherpassengers on board. You can confirm this from The website below which was published by CNN.WEBSITE.http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/world/americas/502503.stm since his death,none of his next-of-kin are alive to Make claims for this monies as his heir, because they all died in the same accident himself and his wife (May Their soul rest in peace). We could not release the funds from his account unless someone applied for claim as The next-of- kin to the deceased .At that period he had $14,210,045m(fourteen Million two hundred and ten thousand dollars) in his account. After four to five years the money was called back to the bank treasury as unclaimed bills and the money shared amongst the directors of the bank, which has already been done by the directors mid last year. PROPOSITION; Due to the relationship between i and the deceased (Gerald Welsh) he told me of a diamond business which he had to do and left me in care of the” CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT” which he used to lodge the funds in a security company in Europe which is to the tune of $8.4m(eight million Four hundred thousand dollars). Note: that I decided to seek for whom his/her name shallbe used as the next of kin/beneficiary to claim the funds at the security company rather than allow the funds to lay unclaimed. It may interest you to know that i have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries again and no one was found. Please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavor by furnishing me with the following information if you are interested. 1.Full name in order for me to prepare the Document in your name. 2. Direct Telephone and fax numbers for our personal Contact and Mutual trust in each other. I shall be compensating you with 20% percent of the Whole funds on final conclusionof this project for your assistance, while the balance shall be for me for investment Purposes. Because I just retired. If this proposal is Acceptable by you, please endeavor to contact me immediately. Do not take undue advantage of the trust I have bestowed in you. I await your urgent mail. Regards, John Bruno.