Reply back for detailed discussion Dear Good Friend. My Name is Mr.Stefan Dusza a credit officer with (International Trust House)here in Cotonou Republic Du Benin. In my department i discovered an abandoned sum of US$20M dollars (Twenty Million US dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our late foreign customer (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich, Germany)who died along with his entire family in July 2000 in a plane crash. and please note that my reason why of contacting is base that this is a deal between me and you only. Below is a website which i will apprecaite you go through to read the information. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm Since then I have made several enquiries to locate any of the above mentioned person extended relatives, this has also proved abortive. Now the reason while of contacting you is base on trust to enable me present you as the next of kin so that this fund will be released to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody as come for claiming of the fund and note it will be very easy to convince the bank since I have the necessary legalised documents that backup the fund and which will present you the rightful next of kin to the deceased customer. I don't want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill. The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed after Five years, the money will be transfered into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and an Indigen here cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the provision of a foriegn account , 5% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the business,another 5% to help the less previlage and to assist the charity organisations here in Africa and abroad while the rest 60% would be for me Thereafter, I will visit your country for disbursement according to the percentage indicated Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you arranged,you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number,your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where in the money will be remitted. Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of the application . I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter. Trusting to hear from you immediately. Yours Faithfully, Mr.Stefan Dusza.