PLEASE I NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE. FROM GIDEON KWAMI BLOCK 18 ROOM 22 REFUGEE CAMP ACCRA GHANA MONEY INVOLVED(22,000,000 USD) ALTERNATIVE-MAIL:(mr_gideonkwami@yahoo.co.uk) Good Day, I have a proposal for you-this however is not mandatory nor will I in any manner compel you to honour against your will. I am Gideon Kwami,24 years old and the only son of my late parents Mr and Mrs Kwami. I got your information in a Proffesional database when I was searching through internet for a reliable,honestand trustworthy person to entrust this business with.I was simply inspired and motivated to pick your contact from the many names in the list of the directory after i, go into prayers/fasting. Well, my father was the rebel leader of the liberian crisis at ealer last two years before his sudden death But God knows the truth. My mother died when I was just 4 years old, and since then my father took me so special. Before his death on march 12/2003 he called his friend who accompanied him to hospital and told him to call me, on my arrival to the hospital my father told me that he has the sum of twenty two million Dollars. (22,000,000 USD) he deposited in his name,in a security company in Ghana for safekeeping, And told me where he kept the documents of his secret funds deposited in Accra - Ghana,the most peaceful nation in Africa. And i'm with all the documents which my father used to deposit the money,and he told me that he disguised the content to the security as Family Valuable for security Reason,and he told me that i shold not disclosed to any body that he have money in the security company to avoid trace due to his position in Liberia. Please i want you to stand as my fathers partnership to claim this money out from the security company. I am just 24 years old and a University undergraduate and really, I don't know what to do.I,contacted you because I have suffered a lot of set back as a result of incessant political crisis here in africa. The death of my father actually brought sorrow to my life, I am in a sincere desire of your humble assistance in this regards. Your suggestions and ideas will be highly regarded. It's my pleasure to bring to your notice that after my late father was murdered the liberian government siezed all my fathers belonging. Moreso you should understand that due to the tension that was impossed on me i am curently in Ghana under the refugee camp to making sure that my life was safe. Now permit me to ask these few question. (1)Can you honestly help me as your son? (2)Can I, completely trust you? (3)what percentage of the total amount in question will be good for you after the money is in your account? Please, Consider this and get back to me. With regards. Gideon Kwami.