ATTENTION PLEASE >From Mr.Mohamed Yussuf, Audit Department, Continental Bank, Cotonou, Benin Republic. TEL: 00229 28 30 63 Attention please, Good day and God bless you. It is with deep sence of commitment, faith and trust that I make this confidential risk free business proposal to you for your assistance. I am deeply sorry if I have in any manner disturbed your privacy. I am Mr.Mohamed Yussuf the head of the Audit Department of Continental Bank in Cotonou Benin Republic. Recently, I discovered a domant account with a huge amount of money which amounted to USD15.500,154.22 (fifteen million, five hundred thousand, one hundred and fifty four dollars, twenty two cents) that belongs to one of our numerouse customers MR.PIERE JOHNSON from Germany who happened to die in a ghastly motor accident few years ago. During the period of my investigation I discovered that the deceased left no will and nobody behind to come for the claim of this fund as his next of kin. Since then I have made several inquiries to see if I can locate any of the deceased relatives but all efforts have proved unsuccessful. Therefore, I decided to contact you to assist me put up claim to this fund with this bank as the deceased next of kin for the claim of the fund. I want to also bring to your notice that as the Head of the Audit Department of this bank that this fund will be paid to you directly into your account from our affiliate bank in Madrid Spain which is the CITY BANK ON LINE but we have to obtain the approval from our bank here which is the Continental Bank of Benin and after the approval has been obtained, they will instruct our affiliate bank in Madrid Spain to effect the transfer of the fund into your account. Be also informed that I have with me all the necessory information of the deceased which will help us claim the fund successfuly. Your positive response to this proposal will be highly appreciated and I will futher give you the details of how you shall present the claim from this bank. Feel free to call me on my private number (229) 28 30 63 for any question you may wish to ask me. Anticipating your urgent reply. Regards, Mr.Mohamed Yussuf.