INVESTMENT PROPOSAL FROM: MR: HENRI MOYO. Email:henrimoyo12@rediffmail.com Good day! My name is MR.HENRI MOYO, eldest son of MR. CHARLES MOYO of Zimbabwe. This might be a surprise to you where I got your contact address. I got your address from South African Information Exchange in Johannesburg. During the current war against the farmers in Zimbabwe from the supporters of our President Robert Mugabe to claim all the white-owned farms to his party members and his followers, he ordered all the white-owned farmers to surrender all their farms to his party members and his followers. My father was one of the best farmers in our country and because he did not support his idea, supporters invaded my father’s farm and burnt everything in the farm, killing my father and made away with a lot of items in my father’s farm. After the death of my father, my mother and I and my younger sister decided to move out from Zimbabwe because our lives were in danger with the money my father kept in his hidden safe in my mother’s house. The amount contained in the safe is US$20m (Twenty million, US dollars) and we decided to move to the Republic of South Africa where we deposited the money in a Security Company as valuables. So, I decided to contact overseas Firm that will assist me to move this money out of South Africa, because we are asylum seekers here in South Africa which disqualifies us from operating an account or getting involved in any Financial transaction here in South Africa. We have agreed to give you from the total sum 20% for helping us to move this money to your country while 80% will be for me and my family to invest in your country. If you are interested please kindly furnish me with Your personal phone and fax numbers for easy Communication. You can contact me on the above Email address, Note that this transaction is 100% Risk-free and it requires mutual trust and absolute Confidentiality and I have taken care of all Formalities regarding it. Your urgent response will be Highly appreciated in this regard. Thanks and God bless. Best regards, Henri