God Bless You My Dear Contact Me!!! Hello My Dear, Please forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as a surprise I got your contact from a database found in internet while searching for a reliable and honest person that will assist us receive a fund intoan account.I was divinely inspired to pick your name among other names found in the Internet database. After series of prayers and fasting for Gods direction. I am Mrs.Angelina Ebony Dazza a citizen of Columbia undergoing currently medical treatment. I am married to Dr. Dazza Lamin who worked with the Malaysia Embassy in South Africa for nine years before he died in the year 2000. We were married for eleven years without a child.He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both born again Christians. Since his death I decided not to re-marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bible is against. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $15 Million (Fifteen million U.S.Dollars) with a finance/security company in ASIA.The money is inside one trunk boxes, but nobody knew that the boxes contained money apart from me and my late husband, the boxes was deposited as Photographic Materials. Presently, this money is still with the Security Company. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not live for the next three months due to my cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my disability to move around which is a partial paralysis. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to a church or a mosque or better still a Christian or a Moslem individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein. I want a church or Mosque or the individual beneficiary that will inherit this to use it for churches or Mosque orphanages and widows propagating the word of God and to ensure that the house of God is beautified.They said blessed is the hand that giveth. I took this decision because I do not have any child that will inherit this money and my husband's relatives are not Christians and I don't want my husband's hard earned money to be mis-used by unbelievers. I do not want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner,hence the reason for taking this bold decision.I am not afraid of death because I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bossom of my Saviour. If you feel you are worthy enough to make yourself available in this project, let me know immediately you read my mail. GOD will surely provide for you the power and strenght to accomplish this. All things work together for good for those who love GOD. Waiting for your urgent response. I do not need any telephone conversation in this regard because of my health,and because of the presence of my husband?s relatives who are always around me. I do not want them to know about this development. Thank you and God bless. Yours sincerely, Mrs.Angelina Ebony Lamin.