reply my mail to you PLOT 13 VICTORIA GARDEN CITY, Email: paull@tsamail.co.za INTRODUCTION: My name is mike Paul. I know this proposal will come to you as a surprise because we havenot met before either physically or through any correspondence. I have no doubt in your ability to handle this proposal involving huge sum of USD$9.5MILLION on my familys behalf.THE SUBJECT: A Foreign Customer (MR. JOHN WOOD) who died along with his entire family in 31st JULY , 2000 in a plane crash. since his death, as his accounts Officer I have made frantic efforts to locate any of his relative, because he has a substantial amount with our Branch. Uphill date nobody has showed up to lay claim on his deposit.The Banking law and guideline here in my Country stipulates that if any customer account remains unserviceable or dormant, and unclaimed after Four years, the account will be transferred into the Bank treasury on grounds of Money Laundering ,Drug and Anti -Terrorist activities. As a Banker I know what happens to such funds, the Executive Director and the Chairman of the Board of Directors will share it amongst themselves and send down memos to us for reconciliation. THE PROPOSAL: My request of a foreigner in this business is occasioned by the fact that an Indigene of My Country cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. It is therefore on this premise that I seek your cooperation By standing as a relative to MR JOHN WOOD. As an Insider I will provide you with all relevant Information/documents that will authenticate the Claim. Note that your Physical presence is not needed at the Bank, I will Guide you on the Steps to take. The Bank will only ask for verifiable Documents which I will provide. In All Fairness I am willing to share the money with you on Agreed Terms of usd4.5million for you and usd$5million for me. For your Information, I have done my home work very well, before embarking on the process of moving out the funds out of the bank through a Next of Kin. The Funds is much that no right thinking person can afford to let such opportunity pass him by. For more Information see BBC News on-- http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm Send your reply through this mailbox,paull@tsamail.co.za or see the note below Yours faithfully, Mr.mike murry N.B If you are ready to work with me, provide me immediately with your full names, telephone and fax numbers to after which I will disclose details to you.