HELP FROM MRS BRIDGET No 53.MENDAS CLOSE, COMMUNITY 12, TEMA, ACCRA-GHANA. PIS CONTACT ME:(luza20032002@yahoo.com) DEAR SIR : With due respect trust and humility, I write you this proposal, which I believe it will be a great interstto you.I found your contact while I was doing aprivate research on the internet for a reliable and capable foreign partner that will assist my family and me. That's why I contacted you. I am MRS.BRIDGET LUZA the wife of MR.MORRIS LUZA of Zimbabwe.During the current war against famers in Zimbabwe and from the support of our president ROBERT MUGABE to claim all the white owned farms in our country, all the white and black farmers were ordered to surrender their farms to his party members and his followers. My husband who was one of the best farmers in our country and treas! urer of the farmer's CO-pperation did not suport his idea and so the party members invaded my husband's farms and burnt everything in the farm, Killed my husband and made away with a lot of items in my husband's farm. After the death of my husband, i and my childern decided to move out of zimbabwe because our lives were in danger with the money that my husband kept in his hidden safe in my house. The amount contained in the safe is US$11M (ELEVEN MILLION US DOLLAR) and we decided to move the money to the Republic of REPUBLIC OF GHANA. where we deposited the money with SECURITY COMPANY as a valuable item.So i decided to contact you to assist me to move this money out of GHANA, because we took anassyllum protection here in ghana So if you consider this proppsal, we have agreed to give you 30% of the total sum for helping us to move this money out to your country and 10% will be mapped out for expenses both of us may incur dur! ing this transaction and 60% Will be for me and family to invest in your country You can contact me on this Email address for security reasons (luza20032002@yahoo.com) NOTE: That this transaction is 100% risk free and absolutely confidential.Thanks and God bless you.Best Regard:BRIDGET LUZA (MRS) FOR THE FAMILY Do you Yahoo!? Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!