ASSIST ME for your kind attention sir, I am martin Arap Moi, the son of The former president of Kenya Mr Daniel Arap Moi. I came to know you in the course of my search for a reliable And GOD fearing partner, and I decided to contact you, Because I believe you are a reputable person and I feel You can help me and my mother over this confidential matter. I count on your integrity and honesty to be able to handle this Business. My father, Mr Arap Moi, was the former president of Kenya , In East Africa, During his reign as the president , he had so many Monetary dealing with a lot of European companies in my country And out side my country, and he uses these companies as a means Of transferring funds to foreign accounts in Europe ,America and Asia., all these funds where gotten from the sales of Gold and Diamonds, Amongst the companies he registered was GOLDENBERG COMPANIES, Which he uses as front for funds deposit, he made a transfer of $56,000,000. million American Dollars. to this company which never existed, the said company has since been declared bankruptcy and liquidate, and the said funds has been deposited with a security company where it is kept from for safekeeping. For more information you can click on this website: (1) http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3338023.stm or , (2) http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3025878.stm% And as the only child of my mother who is the 6th wife to my father he has given to us as our own share, which is this funds that is with the security company.. The money is kept in one trunk box and was registered as precious substances, thus there is nobody that knows that it is money that is in the box. I am looking for somebody that is capable and willing to travel to the security company to receive the trunk box of money on behalf of my mother and I from the security company.We need a trust worthy and experience person that will help us to invest the funds in profitabe business since we have no knowledge of business and investment. as soon as you in control of the $566m, you will assist us come to your country and assist us well to buy a house where we will live. We are expecting to hear from you, please contact me on my Confidential email address: victor_arap_moi@indiatimes.com Thanks for your anticipated co-operation , please include your Telephone/fax number on your reply. Best Regards martin Arap Moi