AATENTION:CEO. FROM THE DESK OF MR.MOHMED YAYA. AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING MANAGER, AFRICA DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB) OUAGADOUGOU-BURKINA FASO. Dear Friend, I am the AUDITIING AND ACCOUNTING MANAGER AFRICA DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB) here in Ouagadougou,Burkina Faso.In my department we discovered an abandoned sum of USD$15.5m(Fifteen million Five hundred thousand united states dollars).in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer(MR.ARTHUR BILLINGS from AMERICA,USA)who died along with his entire family in Monday,31 July,2000,in a plane crash.FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT THIS SITE BELOW: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unlessn some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidlings and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make this businessproposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill.The banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed after fours years, the money will be transfered into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the provision of a foriegn account , 10% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the business and 60% would be for me hereafter, I will visit your country for disbursement according to the percentage indicated Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you arranged,you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where in the money will be remitted.Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of application . I will not fail to bring to your notice this transaction is hitch-free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer. You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter.Trusting to hear from you immediately. Yours Faithfully, MR.MOHMED YAYA. MY PRIVATE TEL(00226 76 400 239.) Alternative email:moh_yaya002@yahoo.com URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION AND CONFIDENCIAL. ¡Sé listo! Contrata el antivirus http://www.pandasoftware.es/tienda/?idpers=109&track=13920