FROM ADE WILLIAMS ADEWILLIAMS & ASSOCIATES 117 ADE ROAD LAGOS NIGERIA. TEL: 234 1 759781 Dear Sir, I am Barrister Ade Williams, a legal Solicitor and I was the Personal Attorney and legal adviser to MR.John Bales , a national of your country, who used to work with Mobil oil Company Nigeria Plc. On the 21st of August 2000, my client,his wife and their three children were involved in a car accident along Sagamu Express Road. All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives. Since then I have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful.After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace his relatives over the Internet, to locate any member of his family but of no avail, hence I contacted you. I have contacted you to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where these huge deposits were lodged. Particularly, the bank where the deceased had a deposit valued at about Ten Million United States Dollars($U.S10,000,000) has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next ten official working days. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over two years now. I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased Since you are from the same country so that the proceeds of this account valued at Ten Million United States Dollars ($U.S10,000,000) can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money. 65% to me and 25% to you,while 10% should be for expenses or tax as your Government may require, I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make. All I require is your honest Cooperation to enable us see this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Best regards, Barrister Ade Williams KINDLY CALL ME FOR ORAL CLERIFICATION.+234 1 759781 OR REPLY TO avingg@hotmail.com ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Encuentra tu casa rápida y cómodamente. Miles de viviendas te están esperando en http://www.portae.com