Call From Mr Zuma Prince Dear Sir/Madam, I know that this proposal might be a surprise to you but it as an emergency.In a nutshell, I am MR.P. ZUMA, from the republic of South-Africa, now seeking for refuge in Dakar Senegal under the(UNHCR). I got your contact during a desperate search here in Dakar for a possible transaction. My (late) father DR. ZUMA KENT WILLIAMS, he was the managing director of Gold Mine company in SOUTH AFRICA. But he was assinated by his business assoicate and all his properties was totally destroyed by his elder brother. Who alway hate to see me and my mother with his eye's, that man very wicked that is why i and my mother managed to escape with some of my father's documents covering $18.3 Million dollars which is presently deposited safely in a finance firm on my name as the next of kin. Meanwhile,we are saddled with the problem of securing a trust-worthy foriegn personality to help us transfer the money over to his country and into his possession pending our arrival to meet with him. Furthermore,we only want this done this way because your country is politically stable for any profitable investment and only if you accept our proposal, you will serve as the beneficiary of the fund on commencement of this proposed transactions. I am giving you the offers as mentioned with every confidence on your acceptance to assist us, we have decided to invest 40% of the total fund based on equity participation in your company. Secondly, we shall also take 5% out for any miscelleneous expenses that may occure. Conclusively, i wish you send me a reply immediately as soon as yourecieve this proposal so that we shall arrange on how to lift this consignment out of Dakar Senegal to your country. On commencement,this transaction will take nothing less than 14 working days to be accomplished. All documents covering the fund are safe and intact. i remain with the best regards. Please kindly responce to this Alternative E-mail : p_zuma1976@walla.com Please call urgently to speak with me and my mother on this our direct telephone number ( 00 221 649 67 68 ) Thanks yours, Mr Prince Zuma.