FROM:MR.MOSES PARAISO, FROM:MR.MOSES PARAISO, CONTINENTAL BANK-BENIN Av. Jean Paul II, Carrefour des Trois Banques, 01 BP 2020 - Cotonou Republice of Benin Swift: COBB BJ BJ Télex : CONTBK 5151 CTNOU ATTEN: (RE: TRANSFER OF USD28.5MILLION) Compliments of the Day Permit me to introduce myself to you. My name is MR.MOSES PARAISO,A top Management Official of the above Finance Corporation in Cotonou, Benin Republic. As it may intrest you to know, I got your contact through my international business enquiry as i was making contact of an foreign partner that will assist me to bring this deal to be a success. I beleive you will be viable and capable to champion a business of such magnitude without any problem. PROPOSITION: An Australian Engr Donald Pepper, a prosperous oil\Gold merchant had in our Bank the sum of $28.5million in a domiciliary account. Unfortunately, he was killed in a recent ghastly motor accident in Benin Republic. Efforts had been made by the management of my bank through the Australian Embassy to contact any of the deceased children but to no avail. I later discovered that he had no children. Given the skeletal information available to the bank, it has so far been impossible to reach any of the relatives. The situation left for the Management is to declare the deceased account dormant and revert the funds to trading for interest to the Bank. In order to avoid this development, I now seek your approval to have you stand as a distant relative to Engr Donald Pepper, so that the money would be released to you. I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local bank here, but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign account. Because the money is in US dollars and the former owner of the account Engr Donald Pepper,was a foreigner too. All documents and proofs to enable you get the money will be carefully packaged once I receive your acceptance on this proposal. I shall apply for a leave as soon as the funds get into your reliable account to come to your country for sharing and investments which you will assist me in doing. May I assure you that this is safe and risk-free, as I have taken care of all necessary modalities to ensure a hitch-free Transfer I have decided that upon the conclusion of this transaction you will be entitled to 30% of the total Funds I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me. For us to proceed please send to me your full Location Address, telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction. REGARDS AND GOD BLESS YOU, MR.MOSES PARAISO. Kindly call me for more information. PHONE NUMBER +229 - 05 17 26