PRAISE ALLAH, THE MOST BENEVOLENT FROM : MRS ASHIA HASSAN PRAISE ALLAH, THE MOST BENEVOLENT I am the above named person from Kuwait. I am married to Late herina bana of blessed memory who worked with Kuwait embassy in Sudan for nine years before he died in the year 2002. We were married for eleven years without a child.He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both very devoted muslims. Since his death I too have been battling with both cancer and fibroid problems.When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $20 Million (Twenty Million U.S. Dollars) with an oversea private security and holding firm . Presently, this money is still with the private security and holding firm in Malaysia ,Asia. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to either a moslem organisation or devoted muslim individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct here- in. I want this muslim organisation or individual to use this money in all sincererity to fund mosques, orphanages,widows and also propagating the word of ALLAH and to ensure that the society upholds the views and beliefs of the holy Quran. The holy Quran emphasized so much on ALLAH'S benevolence and this has encouraged me to take this bold step. I took this decision because I don・t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are new Christians converts and I don・t want my husband・s hard earned money to be misused by people I call unbelievers. I don・t want a situation where this money will be used in an unholy manner. Hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I know that after death I will be with ALLAH the most beneficient and the most merciful. I don・t need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health and the presence of my husband・s relatives around me always. I don・t want them to know about this development. With ALLAH all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the Security Company. I will also issue you a letter of authority that will prove you as the original- beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the Muslim community where you reside to always pray for me. My happiness is that I lived a life of a true devoted muslim worthy of emulation. Whoever that wants to serve the ALLAH must serve him in truth and in fairness. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing For a muslim organisation or a devoted muslim for this same purpose. Until I hear from you, my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders. May the almighty ALLAH continue to guide and protect you. Reply me through this email address,aisha_hassan2000@yahoo.com Regards, MRS AISHA HASSAN