Personal Dear Sir/Madam, Please forgive me if I intrude your privacy, we do not know each other but it does not matter. What matters is transparency between us in this deal. I am Mr.Victor Onyemachi. I came to know about you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential business transaction. A foreigner, Name With-held until his death in a plain Crashed few years, banked with us here and had a closing balance of US$20.5M (Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars) which the bank unquestionably expects it to be claimed by any available next of kin of the late beneficiary or alternatively be donated to a discredited trust fund for Arms and Ammunition at a National Military War College here in Nigeria. Valuable effort have been made by our Institution to get in-touch with any of the families of the depositor but proved to no avail. it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of the families of the late depositor’s next of kin that the management under the influence of our chairman and Members Of The Boards Of Director that an arrangement be made for the funds to be declared Un-claimable and subsequently be donated to the Trust Fund for Arms and Ammunition to further Enhance the course of war in Africa and the World in General as you knows that war will eventually bring destruction to man kind. In order to avert this negative development, I now seek your permission to have you stand as the Next-Of-Kin Of. Late depositor so that the funds US$ 20.5M (Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars) would be release and pay into your Bank Account as the Next Of Kin. Just recently the fund was moved to one an off-shore bank abroad Finance Company while the arrangement is also been made to donate the funds to the Military College if no body comes up for the claim. I am contacting you because I want the two of us to work out modalities to secure the fund and use it for our benefit instead of donating the money to a war college. With me in the inside it will be very easy. All Documents and proofs to enable us get this Fund on your name as the legal beneficiary of the said fund will be carefully worked as the documents to be secure shall state that you alone is the next of kin and the beneficiary. This transaction is 100% Risk Free so do not be afraid. Your share out of the $20.5m depends on our agreement as we proceed with the deal. I will appreciate if you send to me your age, your job type and personal information in your reply to this mail. If this Proposal is all right by you. Thanks for your co-operation. Yours Faithfully, Mr. Victor Onyemachi