PLEASE CALL ME NOW From: Maria Banda FROM:MRS.MARIA BANDA Email:mariabanda18@yahoo.com Tel:27-73-590-2653 ATT: MANAGING DIRECTOR/CEO Dear Sir/Madam, URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL/ASSISTANCE I cannot imagine the surprise this will bring to you, but please be rest assured is with good faith and intentions from a family in dare need of your assistance to help us transfer the inheritance sum of {42,2million DOLLARS US$} into your account or company`s account, in which God will bless you for rendering a helping hand to others. I am Mrs.Maria Banda, from Sierra Leone (currently residing in SouthAfrica), the wife to the late James Banda. I got your contact details in the course of my discreet search for a reliable and God fearing person from the Johannesburg Trade an Exhibition Centre and after going through your profile, I decided to solicit for your kind assistance. I am currently residing with my family(son and a daughter) here in South Africa as asylum seekers and the South African Fiscal Policy Law and Regulations does not allow us certain financial rights. My husband was a brigadier in charge of Arms and Ammunition procurement for the Sierra Leone Army before his death. After his death I discovered that in his will, he specifically drew my attention to the sum of 42,2 MILLION US$ }, which he had deposited, in a safe box of the Private Security Company here in Johannesburg, South Africa. The lives and future of my family depends on this fund as such I will be grateful if you can assist us.In view of this, I cannot invest this fund in South Africa hence my asking you to assist me to transfer it out of South Africa for investment purposes in your country. For your efforts, I am prepared to offer you 25% of the total sum while 3% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the course of this transaction and the remaining 72% is for the family investment in your country. Please note that this transaction is risk-free and the major thing I ask of you is to assure me the safety of the money when transferred to your account. Furthern information and arrangement will commence as soon as trust, confidence and good relationship is established. I shall be most grateful if you maintain the confidentiality required in this transaction. Do not hesitate to call me on my phone for further directives or send me email to enable us commence towards the conclusion of this transaction. I await for your prompt response. Thanks and God bless, MRS.MARIA BANDA For the Family Yahoo! for Good Click here to donate to the Hurricane Katrina relief effort.