MISS AISHA JOHNSON COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON, With due respect, trust and humility I write this letter to you, seeking your help and assistance though it's difficult since we have not met before.I believe that you are capable and reliable in handling this urgent international transaction of this sort. I am AISHA JOHNSON, the dougher of comrade STEVE JOHNSON a businessman and politician, in the Zimbabwean political arena. My father was the famous politician who stood firm against President Mugabe 's idea of continuous seizure of White farms and the distribution of it to the blacks without compensation to the owners. Because of my father's stand in this issue, he was killed on the by a planned motor accident along Mashonaland in Western Mashona province of Zimbabwe, the planners of the accident are said to be dissidents soldiers suspected to have the backing of the government and President Mugabe. Sir, when this accident occurred at about 6;45 pm Zimbabwean time my father did not die on the spot rather he was rushed to Harare hospital by some members of the opposition group. Sensing that if my father die we shall be the next target, my mother in her sick condition managed under special arrangements by some UDM members(the opposition group) managed to sneak us out of Zimbabwe to DAKAR SENEGAL where we are to seek asylum. It was at this stage that my mother confided in me that my father, before he died, had released certain documents to her. One of these documents is the main reason i am writing this letter to you, and it concerns a deposit of one diplomatic box my father concealed with one of the private security company here in dakar containing US$3M (Three million, united states dollars) declared as family valuables, and other vital documents which was meant for his political campaign in the past election march 2002. We are now in DAKAR SENEGAL with the original documents of deposit intact, there is no way we can comfortably transfer this money abroad for safe keeping and investment without assistance from someone overseas, I decided to write to you seek for your help for this money to be transferred to your position for you to stand as our foreign partner and establish contact with the finance company to retrive the consignment out of the custody of the security and finance company. I want to assure you also that this transaction is 100% risk free as no other person knows this box apart from my younger borther I and my mother Sir, as for your reward kind assistance we have resolved to give you 20% of the total amount, 5% will be set aside for any expenses that might be incurred in the course of this transaction. We planned to invest the rest of the money in your country under your guidance. If you are willing to help us, try as much as possible to mail me back for more briefing, and also, to enable us proceed in earnest towards concluding the transfer. Therefore,I want you to scan and forward to me copy of your national driving lincense or passport for me to nominate you as our foreign partner/recipient of the consignment once it leaves the treasury department of the finance company. your contact address;either office or home address.which will be filled in the nomination letter which i will submit to the finance company.and also your phone number for our easy communication. Sir, bear in mind that our lives depend on this fund and we do hope that this money will be safe when finally transferred to your position. I do hope to establish a rewarding and good relationship with you and your family after this transaction. Hoping to hear from you as soon as possible. Thanks for your co-operation and God bless. Best regards, AISHA JOHNSON.