My Dearest One, My Dearest One, How are you over there?. As for me,i am fine here in Daker Senegal. My name is Miss linda dickson, from Liberia in west Africa presently residing in the church camp here in Dakar due to the civil war going on in my country. My late father Dr Patrick dickson, was the personal advicer to the former head of state before the rebels attacked my house one early morning killing my mother and my father. It is only my brother and me that is alive now and we managed to make our way to near by country Senegal where we are living now. I would like to know more about you. Your likes and dislikes,your hobbies and what you are doing presently. I will tell you more about myself in my next mail. I attach here my picture for you, though i am not all that photogenic. What we need to know about loving is no great mystery. We all know what constitutes loving behavior; we need but act upon it, not continually question it. Over-analysis often confuses the issue and in the end brings us no closer to insight. We sometimes become too busy classifying, separating, and examining, to remember that love is easy. It's we who make it complicated. Nevertheless,In the church camp were i leaved.my pastor take good care of me and my brother,most time is the Rev that give me money to come to internet to look for someone that we help me and my younger brother.but i pray to god to give him more wisdom,understanding and god should strencthing him in all his endavore.I m'not looking for a very rich man,but someone who care take good of a woman and someone who have better understanding,who can bring a home togerther as one.i love my younger brother so much,because before the dead of my late mother.i promise my mum that am going to take good care of my only brother and nothing will break us. There is something that my late father left in my possition before died. 2.6 million dollars in a security bank in europe, i promised him that i will take care of it.ontil i have a man i will spend my life time with.From every human being there rises a light that reaches straight to heaven. And when two souls that are destined to be together find each other, their streams of light flow together, and a single brighter light goes forth from their united being. Moreover,the man that love me will like my brother the way he love me.because that is the only happiness that i have now. It is the things in common that make relationships enjoyable, but it is the little differences that make them interesting. you can call me in our church phone number 221525-87-24 the name of the Rev in godwin,tell him. you what to speak with Violet.the days we can answer call are,tusday and friday time 2.pm til 6pm.But before you call me, try and send me mail so that i can go and wait for your call i will tell you more in my next mail for your better understanding,i pray that God should gurd you and give you more blessing.Because the fear of God is the begining of wisdom.I 'm a good believed,i always pray to God to give me husband who will take me and my younger brother at off this mess.I have be passing some hard time all this while,but i thank God that i'm stil alive.someone need to pass some hard life to know are life is all about.But i believe that God is going to take me at off this sorrow stress of mind oneday What about you? tell me little about your self and your family what you hate in a woman and what you like in a woman? looking forward to hear from you have a wonderful day. Linda Dickson