Mr William Hello, I am William Wilcox, a private financial consultant /Account portfolio manager. I happen to have managed a particular account for a Resident Foreigner, here in the United Kingdom, who accidentally died Interstate, leaving in our care a reasonable amount in a Domiciliary United States Dollars Account. The Highly confidential nature of our client and our Business Confidential disposition on Client to client Basis did not warrant us to have an easily identifiable next of Kin to this particular Client. I have made several enquiries to locate any of my client_s relatives immediate and extended, this has proved unsuccessful. Hence, I am contacting you. I need you to assist in securing the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the Finance House here in the United Kingdom where his deposits were lodged. The Finance House has issued Government Mandatory Formality, notice to provide the Next of Kin or have the account confiscated within the next one month. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating any of his relatives for over two years and convinced that no one is coming up and having satisfied the mandatory legal requirement of Beneficiary/next of kin Notification, I now seek a Reliable and Trustworthy person, with your consent and perfect understanding, to present you as the next of kin of the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at Twenty One Million, Three Hundred And Twenty Thousand United States Dollars, interest Inclusive, can be paid into an account to be provided by you( preferably outside the United Kingdom Financial Institutions or its Isles), as the perceived Next Of Kin Legally and Otherwise. I have all necessary documents to back up these claims as Next of Kin on your behalf. All I require is your honest cooperation and confidence in me, which I believe that it is not easy, as we have not done similar transaction before and not by reference. Hence the reason I choose to call this a Deal, as it will be based on trust to enable us see this transaction through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. I would advise that you give this a positive consideration and get back to me soon I would be very flexible as well as considerate in percentage share that will be given to you for your assistance. Upon receipt of your response l will send to you my private number so that you can reach me for further discussion regarding this project. Please send mail to my private email for security reasons william_account_2005@walla.com Fax: + 44 207 060 1507 Best regards, William Wilcox.