KINDNES NEEDED. FROM: Barrister Anthony Efe. TEL: 234-803-581-4937. I am Barrister Anthony Efe, an International Legal Practitioner and a Consultant to Mrs. Stella Olusegun Obasanjo, (WIFE) to the president of Federal Republic of Nigeria. Unfortunately, my client Mrs. Stella Olusegun Obasanjo died on Saturday October 22nd, 2005. For details of her death visit: http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/africa/10/23/obasanjo.obituary/index.html Before the untimely death of my client, she had through a security company here in Nigeria moved the sum of US$20.5m to Europe and was to proceed to Netherlands from Spain where she went just for medial check-up immediately after the check-up to complete arrangements and have this money Deposited into ABN AMRO BANK and already the security company where the funds was deposited has sent notice to me requesting that this funds should be claimed by the depositor (My Client) or her next of kin within 14 working days, thinking that they are to take the funds just the way some securities companies did to one of our late presidents wife and her family (Mrs. Maryam Abacha) else the fund will be forfeited to the state, with such the husband wouldn’t like or wish to hear this from the press or any one. I must confess to you that if I do not find a way to bring this fund out of the Finance Company, I will be doing the greatest injustice to my late client and her family. This is why I decided for you to stand in as a next of kin or her business partner who was supposed to receive the funds for investment in Europe. There are no risks involved as I am the only person who has access to my client's documents. The Finance firm has just sent a reminder to my client through me, informing her of the maturity of her fund. Your compensation for your assistance in securing the fund is subject to negotiations. I need the following information from you. Your full names,address,telephone and Fax numbers. Also Copy of your Identification. Reply urgently, as we must conclude this transaction within the next 14 working days Sincerely, Barrister Anthony Efe.