PLEASE READ!! Dear Sir/madam, First, I must apologise to you for using this medium to communicate about this transaction,though it is my great pleasure in writing you this letter. This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have not yet met. I have to say that I have no intentions of causing you any pains so i decided to contact you through this medium. As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe everyone will die someday. My name is AHMED SALIH BERHAM, a merchant in Dubai, in the U.A.E. I have been diagnosed with prostate and esophageal Cancer that was discovered very late due to my laxity in caring for my health. It has defiled all form of medicine and right now, I have only about a few months to live according to medical experts. I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone not even myself but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focus on my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world. I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that I know my time is near, I have willed and given most of my properties and assets to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close friends and Schools in the UAE. I have decided to give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in the U.A.E, London and Ireland. Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my self any more. I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and donate the money, which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria, they refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them. The last of my money which is the huge cash deposit that I have with Financial Firm Abroad .I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations and let them know that it is I AHMED SALIH BERHAM that is making this generous donation. I pray that you assist me with good heart,because my lawyer will be there to assist you in anyway necessary with all proper documentation. Like I said,I will prefer you contact my lawyer for further information. Contact information is as provided below; Name: David Morgan Tel: +31 645 551 264 Email: admin@services-investcorp.com You should inform the Attorney you were referred by AHMED SALIH BERHAM. NB: I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter untill the task is accomplished as I dont want anything that will Jeopadize my last wish. and Also I will be contacting with you by email as I dont want anybody to know because they are always around me.