CONFIDENTIAL DR.TUNJI OWO Gulf Bank Ltd,Lagos,Nigeria, Private Tel:234-80-2354-6330. E-Mail: tunji_owo@zwallet.com Dear Friend, I am DR.TUNJI OWO.The Manager Gulf Bank, Lagos, Nigeria. I have urgent and-ery confidential business proposition for you. On April 6, 1996, a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr.james smith made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for some months, valued at S$22,500,000.00 (Twenty Two Million Five hundred Thousand Dollars only) in my branch. Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month,we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers,the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Mr. james smith on 1 February 1997 died in a plane crash on air senegal on aircraft Name Hawker Siddeley HS-748. This crash happened in Tambacoumba, Senegal, Africa and the registration number of the aircraft is 6AV-AEO, and since his untimely death the funds has been dormant in his account with my Bank without any claim of the fund On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. james smith did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$22,500,000.00 has carefully been moved out of my bank to a security company for safe-keeping.No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to Nigerian Law,at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as an Foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to the late mr.james smith as to claim the money I deposited with the security company in two trunk boxes though the security company does not know the contents of the boxes as I tagged them to be photographic materials for export. am writing you because as a public servant, we can not operate a foreign account or have an account that is more than $1m.I want to present you as the owner of the boxes in the security company so you can be able to claim them with the help of my attorney.All these are to make sure that the fruits of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials. This is simple.I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the owner of the boxes. The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me and 25% for you and 5% will take care of all expenses.There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and this will guarantee the successful execution of this transaction. if you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address/phone upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please observe with utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. REGARDS. DR.TUNJI OWO.