PARTNERSHIP SOLICITED CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP SOLICITED. ENGR ZULUMAKALENI. DIRECTOR PROJECT IMPLEMENTATION (MEMR) DIRECT TEL NO: 0027 731 522 629 Dear Sir, I am an Engineer with the South African Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources and I am also a member of the Republic of South Africa Contract Award and Monitoring Commitee in the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources. It is a pleasure involving you in this project. Although, this may sound strange but I seek your indulgence and pray you view it seriously. Two years ago, a contract was awarded to a foreign firm in the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources by my committee. This contract was over invoiced to the tune of US$14.3Million. This was done delibrately. The over invoicing was a deal by my commitee to benefit from the project. We now desire to transfer this money which is in a suspense account with the MEMR into any oversea account which we expect you to provide for us. For providing the account where we shall remit the money, you will be entitled to 30% of the money, 10% will be set aside for expenses incurred by both parties during course of transfer, while the remaining 60%will be for my partners and myself. I would require the following: 1)Bank details ( Name and address / Account no/Beneficiary name ) 2)Private Telephone and Fax number of Beneficiary The above information would be used to make formal application as a matter of procedure for the release of the money and onward transfer to your account. It does not matter whether or not your company does contract projects of this of this nature described here, the assumption is that your company won the major contract and subcontracted it out to other companies. More often than not, big trading companies or firms of unrelated fields win major contracts and subcontract to more specialized firms for execution of such contracts. We have strong and reliable connections, top government contacts at the South Africa Reserve Bank and Ministry of Finance and we have no doubt that all this money will be released and transferred if we get the necessary foreign partner to assist us in this deal. Therefore, when the business is successfully concluded we shall through our connection withdraw all documents used from all the concerned Government Ministries for 100% security. We are civil servants and we will not want to miss this opportunity. Please contact me immediately through my above Telephone or email contact, whether or not you are interested in this deal. If you are not, it will enable me scout for another foreign partner to carry out this deal. But where you are interested, send the required informations aforementioned herein without delay as time is of essence in this business. I want to assure you once again that this transaction is 100% risk free both now and in the future. I await in anticipation of your fullest co-operation. Yours faithfully, Engr.Zulu Makaleni.