Ken Quattara. Mr.Ken Quattara. Ghana. Good day to you! I am requesting for your assistance in a deal of Considerable financial gain for both of us. I am Ken Quattara, I was the Personal Assistant (P.A) to the former President of The Federal Republic of Togo, the late President Gnassingbe Eyadema. In the last week of January 2005, two security deposit boxes were deposited on behalf of Mr. Eyadema by me with a company in Ghana. The boxes contained 35 million dollars in cash. I have the certificate of deposit issued by the company for the boxes. As his trusted P.A I had employed the services of this particular company to arrange the shipment of the boxes to Europe on his behalf were they were to be picked up by a foreign associate of his at that time, a French man. This was not the first time I had arranged this kind of shipment for Mr.Eyadema using this company. The boxes were labeled "photographic materials" to elude customs and other checks. Unfortunately, because he was ill-disposed at the time the French man was no longer able to make the trip to meet with the company's agents at the destination point. So the agents who accompanied the boxes had to deposit them in a storage facility pending when he could come. On the 5th of February 2005, Mr Eyadema passed on while he was being evacuated abroad for emergency medical treatment. He had been ill for some years. Following the demise of my former Boss, his associate withdrew, so the boxes have been in storage since then. It was my function to issue his associates Letters Of Athorization signed by me to pick up boxes containing valuables and money. They banked money for him in various pre-selected banks in Europe and Asia. The agents only assisted the associates in the process to ensure that everything was done under diplomatic immunity and within the stipulated laws in the countries where such transactions took place. I am asking for your assistance and involvement so that we can get the money for ourselves. I can not do this on my own because i can't so to say, authorize myself. If you accept to act as an associate of the Late Mr Eyadema, I can issue to you the Letter of Authorization for the purpose of reclaiming the boxes on his behalf for our own benefit. As the beneficiary it will be your responsibility and obligation (as stated in the coded agreement between the depositor and the company) to reclaim and repossess the boxes from the storage facility. You will be required to meet with the company's assigned agent(s) personally. This way you will see the boxes for yourself and sign the necessary documents to reposses the boxes. The agent(s) will assist you to bank the funds and then thereafter you can transfer money to other offshore accounts. This was how itwas done with previous associates. Or you may choose to arrange something else with the agent(s). If however you can not meet with any assigned agent, as the beneficiary/associate to the Late Eyadema,you could request that an alternative arrangement be made for you. You will have to discuss this with the agent(s) yourself. I assure you that everything will go smoothly if you choose to cooperate with the agent(s). There is no illegality involved here. If you do decide to get involved then i expect total commitment from you. If you can do this, i am offering you 3 million dollars as your own share. If you are interested in this deal, then contact me immediately via email(furnished above) for further details. Thank you for your time. Regards, Ken Quattara