BUSINESS PROPOSAL AND INVESTMENT IN YOUR COUNTRY FROM:PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN TEL:+225 05 618 191 EMAIL:hassan_suleman1970@yahoo.co.in EMAIL:hassan_suleman1976@yahoo.co.in ABIDJAN,COTE DIVOIRE. WEST AFRICA. Dear Sir, BUSINESS PROPOSAL AND INVESTMENT IN YOUR COUNTRY I got your contact through our chember of commerce and industry. I am contacting you for a mutual business relationship and for you to act as my guardian in a joint business venture that we will operate together. After praying, my mind asked me to go ahead and contact you for this partnership. My name is PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN, the only son of Late ALHAJI USMAN SULEMAN. My mother died on the 22nd of October, 1985 of cancer and my father was assassinated on the 28th of April 2003 by an unknown person in Abidjan, Cote dIvoire. My father was a gold and cocoa merchant based in Ghana/Cote dIvoire.Breifly before he died in a hospital here in Abidjan, Cote dIvoire due to injuries he sustained from the gunshots. He told me about the sum of US$45M(Forty Five Million United States Dollars) belonging to him in a suspense account with one of our local Bank here in Abidjan, Cote dIvoire. That he willed the money to me in his will, with his attorney. He asked me to seek for a foreign partner Who will assist me in transferring the money out of Abidjan, CotedIvoire to a foreign account for investment purpose. Then help me make arrangement after the transfer to leave this country. That those people that killed him may be after me. According to my late fathers will, the money cannot be released to me without a foreign partner until at the age of 37 years. It can only be transferred from the Bank here to the account of my foreign partner before I attain the age of 37 years. Presently I am 34years old and can not seat here for the next 3years waiting for the maturity date, while my life is in danger. This is my reason for contacting you to assist me present your self as my foreign partner and also provide foreign account where this fund will be transferred to.I have already contacted my fathers attorney here in respect of this transaction. He is waiting to hear from my foreign partner for us to start the process for the transfer of the funds. I would have done this since but according to our tradition. I have to wait till its one year after my fathers death as a mark of respect before embarking on such project. So that it will not look like if I am just after his money like my uncle. Since the death of my father, I have been with my fathers brother in Ghana. Honestly the way he is treating me, make me to be suspecting him that he knows some thing about my late fathers death. Based on this, I left his house with out his consent. Presently I am in Abidjan,Cote d Ivoire. He dont know my way about and will never know. This is why I need your assistance so urgent for us to finalise this transaction as soon as possible for me to leave this Country. You will be given 40% as compensation for your assistance and effort before any thing is done with the money. If you are interested and feel that you can handle this project. Please get back to me for more details and as well as indicate your private Tel/Fax numbers where I can always reach you, when the need arises. I await to hear from you. Thanks and God bless. PRINCE HASSAN SULEMAN