HELP PLEASE Dear sir /madam My name is miss Yssouf Nneoma Woloso Age 26 years old Its the will of GOD that i write to you,How was your day?.Mine is not good because i live in the refugee camp here in Dakar Senegal. In the camp we are only allowed to go out only with pemission from UN camp master .Its just like one staying in the prison and i hope by Gods grace i will come out here with your help. I am from Abidjan Ivory Coast in west Africa and my late father Dr Woloso Amadou was known as a diamond delaer. As a refugee here i don't have any right or freedom of my own or privilledge to do any thing because of the law of this country.I want to go back to my studies because i only attended my first year before the traggic incident that lead to my being in this situation now took place. Please listen to this,i have some deposit certificate of my late father's properties here with me because when he was alive he deposited some amount of money in a security and finance company here which he used my name as the next of kin, the amount in question is Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand united states Dollars. So i will like you to help me transfer this money to your account and from it ,you can send some money for me to get travelling documents and air ticket to come over to meet with you. I kept this secret to people in the camp here . So in the light of above, i will like you to please send to me your currect phone and House address so that i will mail to you the contact of the scurity and finance company for you to confirm from the faninace company and tell them you are interested in helping me transfar the money to your accounts. they should tell you the necessary requirement needed for the transfar. Out of this money i will give 15 percent for your help while 10 percent will be for the expensis you incure during the transaction. I like honest and understanding people,truthful a man and woman of vision and hardworking With love.God bless you. Sincerely, MissYssouf Nneoma Woloso. you can contact me at my personel email nneoma70@hotmail.com.