ATTENTION PLEASE From: The Desk of Mr. Davis Paul Manager, International Commercial Bank plc First -Light,Kaneshie Branch, Accra-Ghana. Attn: Dear, I hope this may not constitute sort of embarrassment to you, First I must solicit your confidence in this transaction, this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret. But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day. I have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction, as we have been reliably informed of your discreetness and ability in transaction of this nature. let me start by introduce my self properly to you, My name is Davis Paul, I am the regional manager of the International Commercial Bank of Ghana first light kaneshie branch in the Western Region of Ghana.I came to know you in my Private Search for a Reliable and Reputable Person to handle this Confidential Transaction. I am married with 3lovely kids. It may interest you to hear that I am aman of PEACE and INTERGRITY; I only hope we can assist each other. I have packaged a financial transaction that will benefit both of us, as the regional manager of the International Commercial Bank; it is my duty to send in a financial report to my head office in the capital city Accra at the end of each year. On the course of the last year 2005 end of year report, I discovered that my branch in which I am the manager made seven hundred and twenty thousand dollars [720,000] which my head office are not aware of and will never be aware of. I have since place this fund on what we call SUSPENSE ACCOUNT without any beneficiary. As an officer of the bank I can not be directly connected to this money, so this informed my contacting you for us to work so that you can assist and receive this money into your bank account for us to SHARE. The sharing of the fund are thus: 30% for you 50% for i and the remaining 20% for any legal expenses we have acquired in this transaction. Note there are practically no risk involved this transaction is 100% risk free and legally binded, it will be bank to bank transfer, all I need from you is to stand claim as the original depositor of this fund who made the deposit with our branch so that my Head office can order the transfer to your designated bank account. If you accept this offer to work with me, If you find this proposal suitable for you do furnish me with the following information’s Your full Name and Contact Address, Your private telephone Number Your Age Your Occupation and Position. I will appreciate it very much. If this proposal is acceptable by you, do not make undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed in you. And how we can achieve it successfully. Best regards, Mr.Davis Paul