kindly assist me I am Dr.Mrs. Owens Mary from Madrid,Spain. I am married to Engr.Owens jim, who worked as the financial director under United Nation Development Programmed for Africa for more than ten years before he died in the year 2004.We were married for eleven years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his d! eath I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my matrimonial home, which the bible is against. When my husband was alive he deposited the sum of US$16.8Million United State Dollars (Sixteen Million Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars) with a London ALPHA SECURITY COMPANY in my name. Presently, this money is still with the security company; recently, my doctor told me that I would not last long due to cancer problem. The one that disturbs me most is my partial paralysis sickness. Having known my condition I decided to keep this fund in the security company. I want an organization or an individual that will use this fund for orphanages, Widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavor that the house of God is maintained. The bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth.I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not Christians and I don! 't want my husband's efforts to be used by unbelievers. I don,t want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the lord. Exodus 14 vs. 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this regards because of my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don?t want them to know about this development but I can call you if you send your number across. With God all thing are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall inform the security company, that you are the beneficiary of the said consignment you will need to go and claim this fund. I will also issue you an authority letter that will prove you the present beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the organization to always ! pray for me because the lord is my shepherd. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth. Please always be prayerful all through you're your life. Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated herein. Hoping to receive your reply and remain blessed in the lord. You can contact my pastor Rev Marvin Smith, He is willing to assist us to conclude this transaction peacefully or Email sjackson_2006@yahoo.com Yours in Lord, Dr.(Mrs.) Owens Mary. Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket Jiyo cricket on Yahoo! India cricket