From the Auditor >From the Auditor Head of the Department, First Commercial Bank 29 Wilson Street, London. EC2M 2SJ. Dear Friend, I am Titus James Morris auditor with First CommercialBank,United Kingdom. And for reasons which will become obvious to you as you read on, I obtained your address particulars from an internet address listing. Please exercise some patience and read through my message. I have a very urgent and Confidential Business Proposition for you. On June 6th 1999, a Gold Consultant/Contractor with the British National Gold Corporation, Mr. Ahmed Yousef Mustafa, a National of Kuwait, made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for 12 calendar months, value £12,500,000.00 (Twelve Million Five Hundred Thousand British Pounds) in my branch. On maturity, we sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally, his contract employers, the British national gold corporation wrote to inform us that Mr. Ahmed Yousef Mustafa died on an automobile accident; that he died without making a will, and all attempts to trace his next of kin through the Kuwait Embassy were fruitless. At first I was surprised that i did not receive much official cooperation in my inquiries in order to trace his kin in Kuwait, and inform them about Mr. Mustafa deposit of (GBP12.5m) plus accrued interest. I therefore made further investigations and discovered that Mr. Ahmed Yousef Mustafa had actively opposed the government of his country Kuwait,and was consequently driven into exile. Being a mining expert, he subsequently obtained a job with the British national gold corporation, and settled in London. Thereafter, he walked into my office to make the aforementioned deposit of (GBP 12.5m).He did not declare any kin in his application paperwork, contrary to laid down procedures, and wheni asked him he informed me that he wished it so. I accepted his application because banks are conservative and will always honour a customer'swishes, especially high networth customers. My proposal therefore is that I am looking for a foreigner who will stand in as the next of kin to Mr.Mustafa. It is not necessary to be a blood relation to Mr. Mustafa, nor have the same name. It is not also necessary to come from the same country. I have workedout the modalities to achieve my aim of appointing a next of kin, and therefore, also by this means transfer this money total £12.5m abroad for us to share. Once you indicate your interest, I will initiate the processing of the transfer and in about 14 working days the money total £12.5m will be in your nominated bank account for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me and 30% for you. Thanks and God bless, Looking forward to your urgent reply. Mr.Titus James Morris.