URGENT ATTENTION NEEDED. PLEASE From: Dr Emmanuel mbeti The Chief Auditor, ECOBANK BENIN, Rue du Gouverneur Bayol Cotonou BENIN REPUBLIC. Swift: ECOCBKJJ Telex : 539 ECOBNK. Phone,0022997262142. RE:TRANSFER OF (USD 10.3 MILLION) Dear Good Friend, With much sincererity of purpose I make this contact with you in this divine year of 2006 as I strongly believed in spiritual expect of life that control the physical and the divine nature that governs the universe. My name is Dr.Emmanuel mbeti.. an accountant in a reputable bank in ECOBANK Benin Republic West Coast Africa. I am contacting you with the hope of having a private and confidential business with you. I am writing you to ask for your assistance in t! he transfer of USD (10.3.m) Ten Million, Three Hundred Thousand Dollars. Before I go further with my request I will like to inform you that I would loved if we could discuss this transaction through Telephone due to its magnitude, I am taking this urgent move in order to make an acquaintance with you prior to the time I will be due for an official assignment in Europe But first I will like to put in the light of this transaction. Durring the course of our Auditting Earlier January 2006 , I discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1996 and since 1998 nobody has operated on this account again, after going through some old files in the records, I discovered that the owner of the account died without a [Heir/WILL], Hence the money is floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this account Mr. Morris Thompson an American Citizen and a great industrialist and a resident of Alaska, who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 which crahsed on January 31 2000, including his wife and only daughter leaving nobody to claim the money. You shall read more news about the crash on visiting this site http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/ and http://www.alaskaair.com/E_latest.asp No other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that the account is a secret account. The total amount involved is Ten million Three Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only [$10,300.000.00] and I wish to transfer this money into a safe foreigners account abroad. But I don't know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local person here, but to a foreigner who has information about the account, which I shall give to you upon your positive response. I am revealing this to you with believe in God that you will never let me down in this business, you are the first and the only person that I am contacting for this business, so I need urgent response so that we shall proceed to next step . I' ve reposed my confidence in you with hope you will never let me down now or in the future. Your's sincerely, Dr.Emmanuel mbeti. Chief Auditor, ECOBANK, Benin. What are the most popular cars? Find out at Yahoo! Autos