IS ME YOUR FRIEND From the Desk of: Ola George {GM, Corporate and Investment ] Banking Division (South)} African Continental Bank Plc, Nigeria. E-mail olageorge@ukrpost.net Dear Friend, My name is Ola George,General Manager, Corporate and Investment Banking Division(South)with African Continental Bank Plc,Lagos-Nigeria.I came to know about you in my private search for a reliable person/company to handle a confidential transaction on behalf of myself.As a matter of fact, I got your information from the Nigerian Chamber of Commerce and Industry/Nigerian Export Promotion Council. l write in respect of a foreign customer with our Bank,who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of Union Transport Africaines Flight Boeing 727 which crashed on December 25,2003. Since the death of this our customer , I have kept a close monitoring of the deposit records and accounts since then. Nobody has come forward to claim the money in his A/C as next of kin to the late customer. The total amount in the account is US$12.5 million and it is a domiciliary escrow bank account. Also the funds can only be released to a foreigner. As it stands now, there is nobody in the position to produce the needed information other than my very self-considering my position in the bank.Based on the fact that all the family perished in the same flight accident, leaving no one to put claim of the deposit as the next of kin,so I am seeking for your co-operation to present you as the next of kin, and arrange for the release of the funds to your honour for our mutual benefit. I am willing to share this money with you in the ratio of 70-30%.You shall have 30% of the funds and I shall have the rest (70%) .I hope this is a fair sharing? I look forward to hear from you urgently so that we can proceed accordingly.I wait for your urgent response. Best Regards. Mr.OLA GEORGE Send your further correspondent to this e-mail address:olageorge@ukrpost.net such as : 1 your full name 2 telephone number 3 fax number 4. address and other relevant informations thanks and GOD BLESS Send instant messages to your online friends http://au.messenger.yahoo.com