PLEASE I REALLY NEED YOUR HELP. Dear sir, May the blessing of God be upon you and grant you the wisdom and sympathy to understand our situation and how much we need your help. My name is Aida Kamara from Sierra-Leone, the only surviving daughter of Mr. Siaka Kamara Former Personal Assistance to the present Minister for Mines and Natural Resources in-charge of the diamond production sales in my country Sierra-Leone. Unfortunately some months ago before the peace pact in my country, my father and his colleagues were killed by rebel group of Mr. Foday Sankoh during an inspection visit to the rich diamond mining area in the village of Izumba, were the rebels laid an ambush and open fire on the convoy killing my father and some of his colleagues who were on their way to the diamond mining zone. Following the peace pact that was introduce by the united nation keeping force some months back,my mother deem to say that it is right time for us to leave the country for safety and for europe or any other stable economic bloc with the $ 12.5.million dollars deposited by my late father in a finance company here in Dakar-Senegal on my name as the next of kin or beneficiary.(the Deposit Certificate of this funds are with us now and will be faxed to you upon request). I contacted you based on you are a trustworthy person after i got your contact from a profile that speaks very good of you in the internet.I want you to assist us so that we can transfer this money to your position for safe keeping pending our arrival to your country, to start up an investment in your country through your wise advice. You will act as our international business representative and also our family business associate,so that the finance company will transfer this money to your position for safe keeping. me and my mother are now in Dakar-Senegal for the facilitation of this transaction.Please kindly communicate your acceptance or otherwise of this proposal through my e.mail address for us to discuss the modalities of seeing this transaction through.However, if you are not disposed to assist us kindly destroy the letter in view of the families interest and personal security. We count on you greatly for your assistance.Please,if where i contacted you is not okay with you,do not hestiate to tell me and provide another address where i will be contacting you.A good percentage awaits you for your assistance. Expecting to hear from you soon. Yours Faithfully, Aida Kamara.