GOOD DAY /BUSINESS PROPOSAL I got your contact through internet referal link, i am Ms comfort Mensa the daughter of Late Mr Charles Kofi Mensa my late father Charles Mensa was a limited liability Cocoa and Gold merchant in LIBERIA before his umtimely death. After his trip to GHANA ,to negotiate for a cocoa and Gold business he wanted to invest in Ghana. A Week after he came back from GHANA, he was attacked with my mother by unknown assassins, which my mother died instantly but my father died after five days in a private hospital on that faithful afternoon. I didn't know that my father was going to leave me after I had lost my mother. But before he DIED, it was as if he knew he was going to die. my father, MAY HIS SOUL REST IN PERFECT PEACE he disclosed to me that he deposited the sum of $21,800,000,00 US Dollars (TWENTY ONE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS) IN A SECURITY COMPANY IN GHANA . That the money was meant for his cocoa and Gold company he wanted to establish in Ghana. He handed to me all the relevant documents documents of the deposited Box and instructed me to seek for a reliable and trust worthy partner for a non speculative life time investment abroad. Now I have succeeded in locating the security company here in Ghana. Consequently, I am soliciting for your assistance to help me get this Box out from the security company. If possible you can come over here in Ghana and transfer the fund to your account overseas so that we can invest it in any meaningful/lucrative business in your country because this is my only hope and source of livelihood.I will also like to know what percentage you will take for your assistance at the successful completion of the transaction As soon as i hear from you i will forward to you all the vital documents so that you can send it to the company for claims Forward to me your tele/fax numbers for me to have a word with you. As soon as i hear from you i will also forward to you my private telephone number for you to reach me I am of the opinion that you will treat this letter with strictest confidentiality I await your response Regards Ms comfort Mensa