READ,UNDERSTAND AND ANSWER IN REPLY. My Dear, I contact you in such a surprising manner,but i respectfully insist that you read this mail carefully as i am optimistic that it will open DOORS forunimaginable financial reward for both of us. It is my pleasure to introduce to you a business that will make the beginning of never-ending family relationship. I hope that this proposal will not be an inconvenience or embarrassment to you. I must not hesitate to confide in you this simple and sincere request business for our mutual benefit.I am Mrs FLORENCE ACHIAH RUSANGANWA, the only Daughter of late Mr.Steve Achiah Rusanganwa{Snr}, a BEJA TRIBE MEMBER of EASTERN SUDAN in Republic of SUDAN. I am 25 years of age. My father was a prosperous coffee and tin ore merchant in KHARTOUM, capital of the Republic of SUDAN before his untimely death. After his business trip to Abidjan - Cote d'Ivoire, to negotiate on a Coffee and tin ore business he wanted to invest in Abidjan ? Cote d'Ivoire. A week after he came back from Abidjan, he was attacked with my mother by unknown assassins suspected to be Darfurian Rebels under the Sudan Liberation Army/Movement (SLA/M) and the Justice and Equality Movement(JEM) who were demanding an end to alleged economic marginalisation and sought power-sharing within the Sudanese state believed that my father has been given financial support to Beja Militia Rebels. After my parents death,i was aided by our church pastor,a good friend of my father through Chadian capital, N'Djamena to escape to ACCRA-GHANA. But before my father gave up the ghost, it was as if he knew he was going to die,He disclosed to me that he deposited the sum of USD$18,500,000 (Eighteen Million,Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only) in cash concealed in (2)two trunk boxes and deposited it with a private security house here in Accra Ghana which he declared and register as FAMILY VALUABLES, because of political problems here and there. My late Father signed an agreement that the consignment should only be released to a foreign trustee of my choice or release it to me when i will become 29years old. So I want you to please assist me stand as my nominated foreign trustee and claim the boxes from the security company The money was meant for the importation of machineries for his coffee processing plant for a company which he wanted to establish in Abidjan ? Cote d'Ivoire. Unfortunately he did not live to achieve it before he was gunneddown.But since I have no experience or interest in this type of business,i am seeking a reliable and trust worthy business partner who will assist me to secure,claim-out and transfer this funds abroad strictly for investment purposes and for guidance. Now I am soliciting for your assistance to help me to claim-out and transfer these 2 trunk boxes to your destination or abode, holding on my behalf and aid me to leave Accra-GHANA. When I join you, we can then invest jointly in any meaningful lucrative business in your country because this is my only hope in life. You shall be entitled to a significant portion of the fund which will be deliberated upon your acceptance to this offer. Waiting anxiously to hear from you so that we can discuss the modalities of this transaction. Only three options is waiting to effect this huge fund business. (1)You have to come down here and confidently acompany it to your country. (2)You have to volunteer any means of delivery to air lift it to your door step. (3)You have to use your influence and white-personality to claim it out and moved it to the bank for transfer to your designated account. Please i will like you to answer me this questions. (1)Can a black lady build house in your country and invest there? (2)Can a black lady be given staying permit and be allowed to visit sight seen? (3)Can i direct any company of my own? Thanks for your kindness and get back to me with the indication of your interest to help me. Yours sincerely, Ms Florence Achiah Rusanganwa. Note:You answer me through my alternative email address(flo_achiah2006@yahoo.co.uk)