HELLO FROM DAVID SMITH........................ MR.DAVID SMITH DAKAR SENEGAL Please, Reply to:david_smith9@myway.com I am MR.David Smith. I am an employee of a commercial Bank here in the Dakar-Senegal; I am the personnel account officer of Late Mr. Paul Reynold who was a National of canada before his untimely death with his wife. They had no children. On Tuesday, Nov. 30, 2004 our customer and his wife died on board on PLANE CRASH in Indonesia (Indonesia Airline Flight JT583). The plane crash was in the news. See link below for more detail information: http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/english/doc/2004-11/30/content_396081.htm Since then no body has come forward to claim his funds and our bank AUTHORITIES are making serious arrangement to confiscate his money. In order to avert this negative development, I now seek your permission to have you stand as a RELATIVE to the deceased and equally act as his next-of-kin The account is valued at US$18.5 million Dollars will be paid into your nominated bank account before our bank authorities confiscated or declared his bank account unserviceable and this will happen if no body comes forward to claim the money. I am assuring you that this transaction will be executed under legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please, do not hesitate to put up your utmost effort in handling this transaction to the highest level of business. I have reposed higher confidence in your ability to handle this matter perfectly and confidentially. Also, your telephone number will be highly required to enable us communicate with each other on daily basis. I want you to understand that your involvement in this matter is to maintain absolute secrecy and keep the spirit of teamwork; you do not have to disclose the nature of this transaction to anybody for security reasons. I am serious minded person and I mean business. The funds will be shared to us, after it has been transferred into your bank account. 1. 60% of the money will go to you for acting as the next-of-kin 2. 40% to me as the originator of the transaction. Please indicate your interest to the above email address interest and to let you know the next step of action towards the success of this transaction. Reply me on this email:david_smith9@myway.com Best regards, MR. DAVID SMITH The information in this letter is confidential, please, if you are not interested destroy this message, You should not retain copy or use this letter for any purpose, nor disclose all or any part of its content to