Dear Sir / Madam I am Mr.Chuks Anthony,an account officer with Stanbic Bank of South Africa. I have an urgent and confidential business proposition for you. On June 6, 1997, an American Mining Consultant/Contractor with the South African Mining Corporation, Mr. Ken Power made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve (12) calendar months, valued at US$28,320,000.00 (Twenty-Eight Million Three Hundred and Twenty Thousand Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, the South African Mining Corporation that Mr. Ken Power died from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Ken Power did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paper work in my Bank. This sum of $28,000,000.00 USD is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to South African Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the South African Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently, my proposal is that I would like you to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Ken Power so that the fruits of this old man's labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall employ the service of an Accredited Attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of Probate/Administration in your favour for the transfer. A bank Account in any part of the world which you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money will be paid into your Account for us to share in the ration of 60% for me and 40% for you. There is no risk at all as the paper work for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately email. Upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documentsthat will help you understand the transaction. Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Awaiting your urgent reply. Mr. Chuks Anthony