I need your urgent help Dear lovely one, I hope this mail we meet you in good Health and happiness. I am 22 years old lady now, i was born on the 1 of january 1984.to the family of Nuhan Vaye.and my father name is Isaac Nuhan Vaye, he is a very wealthy gold and cocoa merchant who based in Liberia and ABIDJAN respectively, and my mothers name is Sheila.and I am their only child.well when i was a kid i went to a private schools and things were going on well for me and my parents till when i was in high school when my mother died on the 21ST october 1994 , My father took me so special because i am motherless. and he shower all his love on me and promised me that he will never have another woman because he did not want me for any problem. but Since my father dead last year i fine it had to live in Abijan because of some of his business partner that was after my life that was why i fund my way to senegal and before the death of my father on the 12th December 2004 in a private hospital in Abidjan. He called me secretly to his bed side and told me that he kept a sum of $5.200 000 (Five million two hundred thousand united states dollars) in a bank in Senegal mean while that he used my name as the beneficiary of the deposited fund. He also explained to me that it was because of this money he was poisoned by his business partner and that i should seek for foreign partner in a country of my choice where i would transfer this money and use it for investment purpose, such as; real estate investment or stock market investment. And right now i am in senegal to secure my life. Plesae, i am honourably soliciting your kind assistance as follows. 1) To provide a bank account where this money will be transfered into. 2) To serve as the guardian of these fund ,since i am 22years old. 3)To make arrangement for me in your country to continue my educational career and to procure me a residential permit in your country. I am inclined to offer you 15% of the total sum as a mode of compensation for your effort after the successful transfering of these fund to your nominated account overseas. Please i will be very happy if this transaction will be concluded with in seven (7)working days from now. I am expecting to hear from you as soon as possible. May Almighty God bless you as you do care for me Amen. Best regard Evette Nuhan Vaye