***SPAM*** Assalamalekum! Please read and reply soon Dear sir/madam, Assalamalekum Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that this letter is not a hoax mail and I urge you to treat it serious. I am Dr. Muhammad Khalil Hasan, a banker with the Mashreq Bank Plc Dubai, UAE. I am the Accounts officer late Mr. Robert Chapman the African Area Director of SIL International, who unfortunately died in the crash of Kenya Airways Flight 431 in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, January 30 2000. You will read more stories about the crash on visiting this website, news.airwise.com/airlines/archive/2000/kenya2000.html and also in this website, where Chapman's company talked about his death in the Kenya crash. You shall as well find the pictures of Chapman and his wife there. Mr. Chapman was from Hamilton, Ontario Canada. Since the death of Chapman, I as his accounts officer in the bank, have made several enquiries to locate his only surviving relation, without any success. I came across your name and contact, on the course of my personal searching for Chapman's relations, so I decided to contact you for this project. I am contacting you to assist in repatriating and securing the wealth left behind in a fixed deposit account by Robert, before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by my bank. The board of my bank, has issued a notice that after 2 months from now and no next of kin shown up for the claim, the funds will be confiscated and declared unserviceable. Since I and my team have been unsuccessful in locating Robert's relatives for sometime now, I seek your consent to present you as the Next of Kin of the deceased since you are a foreigner, so that the proceed of this deposit valued at $USD7.5 Million Dollars can be released to you. The bank will release the funds to any foreigner who has all related information/documents to the bank account. I am in charge of this matter in my bank, because I am his accounts officer. Your application will be directed to my department for verification and approval. Everything is under my control. I shall provide you all the information and copy of the certificate of deposit issued to Robert when he deposited the funds. I shall also involve a good attorney who shall represent you in all the appropriate offices for the claim. Please, find in the attachment my work ID Card. This is just to proof to you that my proposal is genuine. I also have all necessary information we need for the claim and once the money is transferred to you, I shall destroy all the documents used for the claim and leave no traces. After everything, you shall have 40% of the total sum,while 60% for me. All requires is your honest cooperation to enable us see this business successful. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Robert was a very good man and it is not wise to allow his hard earned wealth to be stolen by the greedy directors of my bank. Further details awaits your response by email. PLEASE, TREAT THIS PROPOSAL AS TOP SECRET. Please, confirm the receipt of my Id Card in the attachment, as it was difficult to attach. Best Regards Muhammad Khalil Hasan. Mashreq Bank Dubai.