URGENT ATTENTION!!! I have a new email address! You can now email me at: erikmmadu30@yahoo.co.uk URGENT ATTENTION!!! FROM THE DESK OF: DR.ERIK MADU. ACCOUNTANT. UNION BANK OF NIG. PLC., V/ISLAND LAGOS. ATTN:SIR/MA I am Dr.Erik Madu. an accountant with the UNION BANK OF NIG. PLC and I need your assistance in remmitting a huge amount of money to your bank account this money which originally belonged to Mr. Charles Fredrick a national of your country who until his death was an employee with Shell Oil Company in Nigeria,he died in Plane Crash with members of his families 5 years ago,since then we have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of the extended relatives and this has proved unsuccessful. After several unsuccessful attempts I decided to track your name over the Internet to locate any member of his family. I have contacted you to assist me in repatriating the money left behind by Mr.Charles Fredrick, before the bank will declares it unserviceable. Note that after final discusions with one of my superior in the TELEX DEPARTMENT we arrived at contacting you as the next of kin to claim this fund to your nominated bank account before the account is declared confiscated,note also that this transfer will be concluded within the next (7) seven official working days. I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to the deceased so that the $15million dollars can be remmitted to your account and then we can share the money,25 % to you and 70% for us, while 5% will take care of all expenses that might be incured on the cause of the transfer. All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal through. I advise that you send across to me your contact address,direct phone and fax number for prompt communication, and I guarantee you that this transaction will be executed under a legitimate atmosphere that will protect you from any breach of transaction / law. Call me on my number +234-1-776-8029 Regards, DR.ERIK MADU. ACCOUNTANT. (UNION BANK OF NIG. PLC). - erik mmadu