VERY IMPORTANT WELLKANG INTERNATIONAL, Import/Export Limited. Wellkang Ltd Suite B 29 Harley Street LONDON W1G 9QR England United Kingdom. Dear Joe Bobick, My name is Laura Southwell, and I am the manager of a Human Recourses department of Wellkang International Import/Export Limited. The purpose of this message is to draw Your attention to a vacant position of a financial manager for cooperation with private individuals. But first of all a few words about our company. Wellkang International Import/Export Limited was founded in 1994. Our specialists grant services of purchase and sale , privatization, brokering and dealer transactions on stock exchange. We handle financial agency on equity market, using a great variety of investment instruments. Moreover we can conduct a private survey on stock market upon client’s request. Professionalism and conscientiousness of our company enables us to attract a large number of clients. Nowadays Wellkang International firmly holds a position of a leading company on European equity market , which ensures our stable development. So today , we are glad to offer You to: become a part of our company, join a team of high qualified specialists get a prestigious part time job, earn a good deal. In order to become our financial manager for cooperation with private individuals, You ARE NOT OBLIGED TO HAVE ANY HIGHER OR PROFESSIONAL EDUCATION. You will just be supposed to: have approximately 2 free hours a day, have a bank account (or to be able to open a new one, especially for company needs) have a PC YOUR PARTICIPATION IS ESSENTIAL TO enable us to grant our clients the best service in shortest dates. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES will be: to receive payments for the ordered stocks and bonds from the Wellkang International clients (private individuals) to Your bank account to withdraw the funds and to transfer it further to our brokers in one of the countries where the desirable stocks and bonds should be bought The transfer should be done by the means of Western Union or money Gram services to fasten the process of the delivery of the funds. Your SALARY is 10% commission out of every deposit that You receive on Your bank account. If you are interested in the vacancy offered, please get some more detailed information on the following E-mail address: wellkang@netscape.net Our managers will be glad to answer any questions. We are looking forward to working with You! I am sorry if this letter has been sent to You by mistake. In that case, please be so kind to delete it. Yours faithfully, Laura Southwell.