URGENT REPLY 我有一个新的电邮地址了！ 您现在可以发电子邮件给我到：kingnnaji3@yahoo.com.cn FROM MR CHARLES ZUMA DIRECTOR OF FINANCE AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT, BANK OF AFRICA, COTONOU-BENIN REPBLIC. E-MAIL BOX:barrcharleszuma1@yahoo.ca My name is Mr.JAMES BROWN. I am the credit AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT,BANK OF AFRICA,COTONOU-BENIN REPBLIC. I am contacting you of a business transfer, of a huge sum of money from a deceased account. Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that everything has been taken care off, and all will be well at the end of the day. I decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction. PROPOSITION; I am the account officer of a foreigner named Gerald Welsh who died in an air crash along with his wife on the 31st October 1999 in an Egyptian airline 990 with other passengers on board. You can confirm this from the website below which was published by BBC WORLD NEWS. WEBSITE. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/502503.stm Since his death, none of his next-of-kin are alive to make claims for this money as his heir, because they all died in the same accident himself and his wife(May their soul rest in peace). We cannot release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next-of-kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines. Upon this discovery, I now seek your permission to have you stand as a next of kin to the deceased, as all documentations will be carefully worked out by me for the funds (USD 10,700,000.00) to be released in your favor as the beneficiary's next of kin. Because after four years the money will be called back to the bank treasury as unclaimed bills and the money shared amongst the directors of the bank. so it is on this note i decided to seek for whom his name shall be used as the next of kin/beneficiary to this funds rather than allow the bank directors to share this money amongst themselves at the end of the year. It may interest you to know that we have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries. Please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavor by furnishing me with the following information if you are interested. 1.A Beneficiary name. In order for me to prepare the document for transfer of the funds in your name. 2. Direct Telephone and fax numbers. For our personal contact and mutual trust in each other. I shall be compensating you with [3million Million Dollars) on final conclusion of this project for your assistance, while the balance of 5 Million Dollars shall be for me for investment purposes. Because I intend to retire after the conclusion of this transaction. If this proposal is acceptable by you, please endeavor to contact me immediately. Do not take undue advantage of the trust I have bestowed in you, I await your urgent reply. to this address: barrcharleszuma1@yahoo.ca Regards, CHARLES ZUMA - kingnnaji3 nnaji