I NEED YOUR HELP Mr Willams Terry Commercial Bank Of senegal 118 Rue Dial Yorff Dakar Senegal West Africa Dear Friend, I cant imagine how you will feel receiving a sudden business letter from a remote country in far away Africa and probably from someone you are not closely related with. But all the same, I believe we do not need to be of blood relatives before we can establish cordial/business relationship. Having said this,I think it is very important at this juncture to introduce myself to you. I am Mr.Wiilams Terry , Head: Enterprise Wide Risk and member of the executive and risk committees of Commecial Bant of Senegal.I got your information while browsing through internet in search of a reliable person who will assist me.This is an urgent and very confidential business proposition. On June 7, 2000,a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the Senegal Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Mr.Kurt Kahle made a numbered time(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at US$10,500, 000.00,(Ten Million, five hundred thousand Dollars). Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his Private Business School. employers, that On the 31st of July 2000, our client, with his 37-year-old wife and his son Michael, aged eight died in the Air France concord plane crash bound for New York in their plan for a world cruise, with other passengers abroad as you can confirm it yourself via the website below: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm On further investigation,I found out that he died without making a "WILL",and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr.Mr.Kurt Kahle did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$10,500,000.00 has carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping. No one will ever come forward to claim it.According to Senegal Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Mr. Kurt Kahle so that the fruit of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt Government officials.I am writing you because I as a public servant,i cannot operate a foreign account. I want to present you as the owner of the funds so you will be able to claim them with the help of my attorney.I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place as the beneficiary of the funds. The money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you. The paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address and upon your response,I shall then provide you with more details that will help you understand the transaction. Please observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in real estate within your country. Due to the nature of confidentiality in this Transaction our communication can only be via email and fax mostly. Awaiting your urgent reply via email. willam77terry@yahoo.co.uk Thanks and my regards. Mr.Wiiilams Terry. PLEASE REPLY TO MY PRIVATE EMAIL: NOTE: If however, you are not disposed to assist, kindly delete/destroy this email in view of the confidentiality of the proposed transaction and interest of personalities involves.