Dear in Christ, I have a new email address! You can now email me at: shalort2010@yahoo.ca Dear in Christ, Pls.To whom It May Concern. I am Mrs. Shallort- Kanchev Bashir from KUWAIT .I am married to Mr. Kanchev Bashir.He worked with KUWAIT embassy in Ivory Coast for nine years before he died in the year 2005. We were married for eleven years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his death I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which ! the Bible is against. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $1.6Million (One Million six hundred thousand U.S. Dollars) in a Security company here in Cote D'Ivoire Abidjan. Presently,this money is still at the Security company were he made the deposited of the fund onto my name as the next of kin. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next Eight months due to cancer problem. The one that disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to a church that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein. I want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavor that the house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that? Blessed is the hand that giveth?. I took this decision because I don?t have any child that will inherit this money and my plenty of r! elatives are not Christians and I don't want my our efforts to be used by unbelievers. I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that, the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace. I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health hence the presence of my husband?s relatives around me always. I dont want them to know about this development. With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the Security company here in Abidjan, and you've to contact them for the realising of the fund to your destination. I will also issue you an authority letter that will prove you the present beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the church to always pray for me because the lord is my shephar! d. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever that Wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and Truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Contact me on the above e-mail address and any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another church for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I Stated herein. Hoping to receive your reply remain blessed in the Lord. Yours in Christ, Mrs. Shallort-Kanchev Bashir. - shallort kanchev