thanks I have a new email address! You can now email me at: jjkangami@yahoo.com Dear Friend, I am the only son of my late parents Mr.and Mrs David kangami, My father was a highly reputable busnness magnate who operated in the capital of Ivory coast during his days. It is sad to say that my father passed away mysteriously in France during one of his business trips abroad in the year 12th.Febuary 2002.Though his sudden death was linked or rather suspected to have been masterminded by an uncle of his who travelled with him at that t! ime. But God knows the truth! My mother died when I was just 6 years old,and since then my father took me so special. Before his death on Febuary 12 2002 he called the secretary who accompanied him to the hospital and told him that he has the sum of fifteen million,Five hundred thousand United State Dollars.(USD$15.500,000 Million) left in a Security and insurance Company here in Ghana, that he used my name as his next of kin in deposition of the funds in the company. He also gave an out standing instrution to the company that the Consignment must be sealed and well kept until i ask for it. and it was deposited as an atifact to avoid problem or tamparing by the officers of the company.before use, I am just 22 years old and a university undergraduate and really don't know what to do. Now I want an account overseas where I can transfer this funds an! d after the transaction i will come and live with you as a partner and i'm ready to do anything of your choice. This is because I have suffered a lot of set backs as a result of incessant finacial crisis since the death of my father.The death of my father actually brought sorrow to my life and i wished to invested under your care with your advise please. I am in a sincere desire of your humble assistance in this regards.Your suggestions and ideas will be highly regarded.Now permit me to ask these few questions:- 1. Can you honestly help me as your partner? 2. Can I completely trust you that you can not betray me? 3.What percentage of the total amount in question will be good for you after the money is in your control while i come over and finalize my education? Please,Consider this and get back to me as soon as possible Immedaitely i confirmed you willingness then i will send to you my picture.And i will need you! r own pictures as well. Your's Sincerly , joseph - joseph kangami