Assalam Muialaku. My name is Mrs. hilda Ahmed from Iraq. I am married to Dr.Hassan Ibrahim, who worked with shell Petroleum Company in Iraq for twelve years before he died after a brief illness. We were married for eight years without a child. Since we married we were both Islamic couple members. After his death I decided not to re-marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of$6.5 Million (six million five hundred thousand U.S.Dollars) with International Diplomatic service firm in Malaysia with purpose to invest the fund in Islamic foundation before death took him, The fund is still under safe keeping with the International Diplomatic firm in Malaysia, hence and contacting you to help me to achieve this project in your country. During the current war in my country all the property and the asset of my husband were destroyed I don’t have anything left on behalf of my husband except this fund that’s deposited with the Diplomatic service company in Malaysia, now am undergoing a serious sickness that resulted to be stroke and cancer problem, I had tried all my best to treat myself with every medical expert but there is no improvement, Currently my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to my cancer problems. Having known my condition, I decided to donate this fund to mosque, Islamic school authority or better Muslim individual that will utilize this money the way I instruct here. I want this fund to be disbursing to, orphanages, widows promoting the work of almighty Allah, needies and to promote work of almighty Allah in your country. The Koran made us to understand that blessed is the hand that gives. I took this decision because I don’t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are Christians and unblivers.I don’t want my husband hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers because I know he will be rejoicing in the blossom of Allah if these fund spend to promote the work of almighty Allah. I don’t want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner. Hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the heaven. I don’t need any telephone communication in this regard because my health and the presence of my husband relatives around me always. I don’t want them to know about this development. With Allah all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply i will instruct to the DIPLOMATIC operation manager and my husband lawyer in Malaysia to furnish you with more details on how to receive my fund. I will also instruct him to issue you a letter of authority that will empower you as the original-beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the Muslim to always pray for me because in almighty Allah I put my hope. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Muslim. Whosever that wants to serve Allah must serve him in spirit and truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. And reply me through my alternative e-mail address as delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a another faith member for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated here in. As i am disabled and can not be able to move around and do much due to am presently very ill, I will really appreciate it for you to contact me through my Email address.(hilda_ahmed@excite.com) as the internet is my only mean of communicating. Or through the help of nurse here who is so kind to assist me in the hospital and taking care of me (fahmeedabdiwahad@excite.com ) Hoping to hear from you soonest. Remain blessed in the name of the Allah. Wassalam. Mrs. Hilda Ahmed .