URGENT REPLY NEEDED!!! Dear Friend, Let me start by introducing myself properly to you. I am Alhaji Yusuf Adamah, I work with the United Bank for Africa UBA as an account officer in the Treasury/ Credit Control Unit. I came to know you in private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction, which involve the transfer of a huge sum of money into a foriegn account requiring maximum confidence. I must solicit your confidence in this transaction, by virtue of its nature that is utterly confidential and secret. Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day. I decided to contact you due to the fact that this transaction is urgent, as I will rely on your ability in handling a transaction of this nature. THE NATURE OF THE PROPOSITION / TRANSACTION: A foreigner by name Andreas Schranner , who is a real estate and property developer by profession executed certain contract/supply with the Government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in 1998. The payment for the executed contract had been approved and deposited with our bank in an Escrow account with us at UBA and had a closing balance as at the end of January 2000, which is worth ($27M) Twenty seven Million United States Dollars. I was his personal account officer and since the government deposited this money with us in the year 1999, We were instructed by my late client that the money be kept and secured in a security and finance firm because it was less expensive to keep and secure the funds in the security firm devoid of tax payments. I am sad to inform you that Mr Andreas Schranner, his wife, daughter, daughter inlaw and children died in the ill fated concorde flight AF4590 that crashed into Hotelisimmo on the 31st of July 2000 in Paris-France. Check this website below: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm Our bank now expects his Next of Kin to come forward as a sole beneficiary to his assets with the bank as accordingto banking laws, such fund which has stayed more than 5 years without any claim will be terminated and be used by the bank as unclaimed fund. Mean while, as is personal account officer valuable efforts has being made by me for more than three years to get in touch with any of my late client family or relatives without any success.It is because of the percieved impossibility of being able to locate any of my late client Next of Kin as his wife Maria Schranner and his daughter Eich Andreas perished in the flight also. Based on this, I secretly seek advice from a fellow coleague who has being in banking for about 14 years now about this issue of my late client , he made me understand that things like this do happen and at the end of the day the chairman and board of directors of the bank will declare the funds as '' Unclaimed '' and subsequently divert it for thier personal use. In order to avert this negetive development, I now seek your permission to have you stand as the Next of Kin to my late client, so that the funds will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary Next of Kin. I have already secured from the probate, as soon as I recieve an acknowledgement of your acceptance, I will furnish you with the necessary modalities of the transaction. I assure you that this transcaction is 100% risk free, and as soon as we succeed in getting this funds to your account, I shall take a trip to meet with you in your country and the money will be shared on a 85% for me and 15% for you. We could go into joint investment based on your advice. Please forward to me on acceptance of this proposal, your private telephone and fax number including the country code and area codes, your complete names,and private email address for effective communication as the project will be completed within the next 14 working days. Please, treat with absolute maturity, kindness and reservation even though you are not interested to work with me, waiting to hear from you soonest. Thanks for your anticipated response. Best Regards. Alhaji.Y.Adamah