PLEASE GET BACK TO ME URGENTLY Dear Good Friend, REQUEST FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE. This business proposal to you is strictly confidential, with due respect. Sorry at this perceived confusion or stress you may have receiving this letter from me, Since we have not known ourselves or met previously. Despite that, I am constrained to write you this letter because of the urgency it requires.As amatter of fact, I got your contact through the internet and decided to write you immediately believing you will be of a great assistance to my kids and me. My decision to consult you for a partnership business of mutual benefit is indeed personal.Iam not in doubt that you can be trusted in financial related matters of this magnitude. I am Mrs.cecilia aku, the widow of the former nigeria youth and sports minister late mark Ishaya Aku who died in a plane crash on the 4th of april,2002 My kids and I are trapped in an obnoxious custom And traditional rites of my late husband's family. We have suffered maltreatment and untold hardship in the hands of my late husbands family, simple because Iam not from the same tribe with my late husband.His brothers have taken all that I suffered with my husband to acquire including treasure, houses and his bank accounts closed by them. I wanted to escape to the United States of America [USA} with my children on exile, but again they conspired and stole my international passport and other traveling document to further frustrate me. Thank God, a week ago, I received Key Text Code (KTC} from an offshore payment center[OPC]in overseas via our family lawyer that my late husband deposited the sum of U.S $15.7 Million[Fifteen Million Seven Hundred Thousand United States Dollars] in cash with this company,hence my late husband's brothers would not allow me to have any telephone contact with anybody. It has therefore, become very necessary and urgent to contact someone, a foreigner like you who can travel to the offshore payment center on our behalf to help me receive/secure these funds and to help invest it on our behalf as well, while we find a way of getting out to meet with you in your country. These funds are kept on a CODE with the Security Company to avoid detection, seizure or diversion. I have had several discussions with with our family lawyer who has express willingness to help me with the necessary documents for the claim of the funds from the security company should I get an honest,competent and capable foreigner who will not cheat my kids and me or even sit on the funds after claiming it, to stand on our behalf to claim the funds. This is why I have contacted you to help save my children and I from this obnoxious tax levelled on us by my late husbund's brothers by claiming these funds and investing it on our behalf. But, you would need to give me sufficient assurance that if you help me, you would not divert the funds. My children and I have resolved to give you 20% of the total sum. This is all my children and I have got to live on. Please, I have reposed my confidence and trust in you and hope you will not disappoint me. I will forward you the contact of our family lawyer for you to get in touch with him immediately hence he will be the one to deal with you on the transaction to avoid suspicion from my late husband's brothers. I look forward to your urgent response. THANKS AND God bless. Mrs.cecilia aku