Be kind Dearest, With whole confidence and belief,my thought saw your name,as a reliableperson to co-operate in joint venture partnership. I am,Andrew Guei,from Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) the son of General Robert Guei, who died on 19 September 2002, during the military coup'detat. As a former Head of State My Father acquired and deposited two diplomatic boxes with Continental security company in Ghana,containing $15 million US Dollars each US$30M in all ( Thirty million united states dollars in all )including other vital family valueables. Before he died arrangement was on,for him to move this money to (Overseas) through a Diplomatic Immunity by the Security Company.I am therefore contacting you for an assistant so that the consignment should be claimed from Continental security Company.If you can't be here in person for the collection of the consignment/fund,you can instruct Continental security company to use there Diplomatic Immunity to ship the consignments to your nominated country oversea. Note that the company did not know the exact contents of the boxes,it was rather labelled/registered as family valuables for security reason.I will also need your assistance for investing the money in your country i shall be sending you all the documents issued to my late father by Continental Security Comapny after your acceptance,my mother and I have agreed to compensate you with 30% from the total Sum.Please note that time is not on our side. I will appreciate if you can get in touch with me as soon as possible so that I can give you more nformation about my proposals.You should be assured that there is nothing to worry about,as all the arrangements will be handled legally and we will be here to guide and advise you on what to do till the consignmet gets to your postion. You are to give us guarantee that the boxes will be well secured on reaching your position and that you will not take advantage of our situation nor seat on the fund. I will stop here until i hear positively from you. Andrew Guei, (for the family) Do you Yahoo!? Next-gen email? Have it all with the all-new Yahoo! Mail Beta.