URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED URGENT RESPONSE NEEDED FROM: BRIAN SMITH Dear friend, I am Brian Smith Esq, my client is one of the top Managers of Midland Bank London Branch and his colleague in the same bank here in the United Kingdom have an urgentand very confidential business proposition for you. On June 6th, 2001, a Chinese business man, Mr.CHOW LIU, deposited in his personal safety deposit vault currency valued at £17,500,000.00 (Seventeen Million, Five Hundred Thousand British Pound Sterling) in my client's branch. Upon expiration of the period of leasehold of his safety deposit vault two years ago, my client sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. Some months ago, a reminder was sent and finally it was discovered he had passed away. On further investigation, it was discovered that he did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. Further investigations revealed that Mr. CHOW LIU did not declare any next-of- kin in all his official documents in my clients' bank. This sum of £17,500,000.00 is still in the Vault which was opened and the keys changed upon the expiration of the period of leaseholdby myclients. Consequently, my proposal is that myclients will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. CHOW LIU. This is simple. I will like you to provide me immediately with your full names and address so that by virtue of my position as an attorney, I will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of kin. I shall do the drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favor form the shipment of the funds through a courrier company to you. The money will be shipped by courier to you for us to share in the ratio of 80% for me and my clients and 20% for you. I hope that is okay. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by me as an attorney and the position of my client as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you areinterested, please reply immediately via email:- brian_smith650@hotmail.com If on the other hand you are not interested please disregard this mail and I will not contact you again. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with my phone number, more details of the transaction and the relevant documents that will help you understand. Please observe utmost confidentiality and be restassured that this transaction would be most profitable for all of us. Best regards, Brian Smith (Esq).