Dear Sir/Madam, I am Muyiwa Ige Bank Manager of Zenith Bank, Lagos, Nigeria. I have urgent and Very confidential business proposition for you. In February 28, 1998, a Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr.Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed)Deposit for twelve calendar months valued at US$20,000,000.00 (Twenty Million Dollars)in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, I sent a reminder and finally I discovered from his contract employers, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Barry Kelly died from an automobile accident.On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$20,000,000.00 has carefully been moved out of my bank to a security company for safekeeping.No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal is that I will want you as a Foreigner to stand as the next of kin. I am writing you because as a public servant (Manager with the bank), I cannot operate a foreign account or have an account that is more than $1m. I therefore want to present you as the next of kin (the rightful owner of the fund) so that you can be able to claim it with the help of an accredited attorney. Finally, I urge you to provide immediately your full names, phone/fax numbers and your current mailing address so as to enable us commence the paperwork that will present you as the rightful beneficiary (next of kin) of the fund. As soon as the money is transferred to you 70% is for me while 20% is for you and 10% will be for any expences made. Please reply immediately via my Email address. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details that will help you understand this hitch free (risk free) transaction. Thanks and God bless. Muyiwa Ige