BUSINESS PROPOSAL (FUNDS TRANSFER) Greetings, A very good day to you. I may have to trouble your sense of personal achievement and reward for an opportunity properly taken advantage of. I am Mr. Michael Jay Ramsey, a representative and an attorney to Kenneth Lay, the former chairman & CEO, Enron Corp. Industry: Energy & Natural Resources Home. He deposited (US $21,000,000.00) with me when he was in power as the chairman of the Corp. I am contacting you because I want you to deal with the Finance house and claim the money on my behalf since I have declared that the Funds belong to my foreign business partner. You shall also be required to assist me in investment in your country. I hope to trust you as a God fearing person who will not sit on this money when you claim it, rather assist me properly, shared in these percentages, 60% to me and 40% to you. When I receive your positive response I will let you Know where the Finance house is and the document's to lay claims to the funds, which is very important. What I need is for you to indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the money on my behalf in Europe. For this, you shall be considered to be the beneficiary to the funds. The project in brief, is that the funds with which we intend to carry out our proposed investments in your country, is presently in the custody of a finance house in Europe. I do not want the government of my Country to know about the money because they will believe I got the money from the sales of Enron stock when my client was the Chairman & C.E.O. of Enron Corp. Once I have your details in full, the finance house will contact you for Release of the funds to your account As soon as payment is effected, and the amount mentioned above is successfully transferred into your account, I intend to use my own share in acquiring some estates in your country.For this too, you shall also be the overseas manager of all our properties and you will be paid based on a certain percentage agreed on by both parties. I guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with me urgently via E-mail: m_ramsey10@yahoo.co.uk> I am presently in the United Kingdom. Please, provide me the following: 1. Full Name........ 2. Your Telephone Number and Fax Number..... 3. Your Contact Address...... 4. Occupation....... 5. Company Name..... 6. Age..... As soon as I receive these details, we can discuss further herein this transaction. Thanks in advance Michael Jay Ramsey. 欢迎使用 ISM Gmail ---------------------------------- Gmail 中国社区 please visit http://bbs.gmail.cn>