FROM: Miss Sonia Obudu, FROM: Miss Sonia Obudu, Please Reply To This Email sonia_2006_obudu@yahoo.ca Dearest One Good a thing to write you.I have a proposal for you this is however not mandatory nor will i in any manner compel you to honour against your will. I got your name and contact from the internet when i was searching for a reliable and trustworthy person and I prayed over it and selected your name among other names due to its esteeming nature and the recommendations given to me as a reputable and trust worthy person that can help me out of this dificulties and by the recommendation , I must not hesitate to confide in you for this simple and sincere help . I am Miss Sonia Obudu the only child of late Mr.and Mrs. Johnson Obudu . My father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant in Abidjan , the economic capital of Ivory coast, my father was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outings on a business trip . My mother died when I was a baby and since then my father took me so special. Before the death of my father on 12 febuary 2003 in a private hospital here in Abidjan he secretly called me on his bed side and told me that he has the sum of seventeen million ,seven hundred thousand United State Dollars.USD($17.700,000) left in a suspense account in one of the prime bank here in Abidjan ,that he used my name as his only child for the next of Kin in depositing of the fund. He also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates. That I should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose such as Real Estate managment. I am just 22years old and a university undergraduate.I have suffered a lot of set backs as a result of members of my late father's family who has not stop disturbing me about the where about of this fund after they have succeded in claiming almost all the valuable properties that he left behind for me, coupled with incessant political crisis here in Ivory coast. The death of my father actually brought sorrow to my life. Please, I am honourably seeking your assistance in thefollowing ways: (1) To provide a bank account into which this money would be transferred to . (2) To serve as a guardian of this fund since I am only 22 years. (3) To make arrangement for me to come over to your country to further my education and to secure a resident permit in your country. Moreover, I am willing to offer you 10% of the total sum as compensation for your effort/input after the successful transfer of this fund into your nominated account overseas. Anticipating to hear from you soon. Thanks and God bless. Best regards, Miss Sonia Obudu Please Reply To This Email sonia_2006_obudu@yahoo.ca