GOOD DAY... Dear Friend, I am Mr.Vincent Nicholas, I am an accountant with the HSBC BANK UK.I am very sorry if this is an inconvinience in any way, just that i need you to see me through with this transfer. This business request may seem strange, but I crave your indulgence and pray you view it seriously as I am convinced that you would be capable to provide me with a solution to a money transfer. On June 16, 2000, a German property magnate Mr. Andrea Schranner made a numbered time (fixed) deposit for twelve calendar months,valued at £6,500,000.00(Six Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling )in my branch upon maturity. I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers (the Petroleum Corporation) that Mr. Andrea Schranner died in an air crash with his family. On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a will and attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Andrea Schranner did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents, including his bank deposit paperwork. This sum of £6,500,000.00 and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it .According to British law, at the expiration of 7 years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Bristish Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to Mr. Andrea Schranner. This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full name and address so that an accredited Attorney working with the bank here will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin.We shall employ the service of two attorneys for the drafting and notarization of the will and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate administration in your favour for the transfer into any bank account in any part of the world which you will provide.We will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.The money will be paid into your account for us to share in ratio of 50% for me and 30% for you and 10 % will be set aside to ofset any expenses incured during the business , while the other 10% will go to charity organisation. There is no risk at all,the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as an accountant in the bank with the help of the branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. Please reply immediately via the private email address below to show your interest , upon your responses, I shall provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share of this money in your country. Please upon the receipt of this mail message, send to me the following to enable me start the processing of the fund transfer into your bank account: 1.) Your full name and address, 2.) Your company name and address if any,. 3.) Your private / official telephone and fax number. Awaiting your Urgent Reply via my email: vinnicole@mixmail.com and call me for discussions in regards on my personal telephone number on +447024075148 Thanks and God bless. Best regards Mr Vincent Nicholas.