MY FAMILY NEED YOUR HELP FROM:VUYO GWALA TEL : 27-73349-1086 FAX: 27-76197-0308 DEAR SIR, STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL You may be surprised to recieve this letter from me, since you don't know me personally.Thus, I have to introduce myself.I am MR.Vuyo Gwala ,the first son of Late MR.Tijani gwala a farmer and leader movement for democratic change[MDC] in Zimbabwe until recently, he was murdered in the land dispute in Zimbabwe. I was furnished with viable information from the International Trade Centre here in Johannesburg and I decided to write to you. Before the death of my father, he had taken me to Johannesburg to deposit the sum of USD$15,000,000(FIFTEEN MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS),in a Security Company, as if he foresaw the looming danger in Zimbabwe. This amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the farms and the establishment of the new farms in Swaziland. This land problem came when Zimbabwean President MR.ROBERT MUGABE introduced a new Land Act which wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few black farmers. This resulted to the killing and mob action by Zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society. Infact, alot of people have been killed because of this land reformed Act for which my father was one of the victims. It is against this background, that I and my family who are currently staying in South Africa decided to transfer my father's money to foreign account since the law of South Africa prohibits a refugee (asylum seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction. As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything we have got. I am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in South Africa for fear of going through the same experience in future since both countries have similar political history. Moreover,the South African Foreign Exchange policy does not allow such investment as an asylum seeker. As a businessman, whom I have entrusted my future and of my family in his hands,I must let you know that this transaction is risk free. If you accept to assist me and my family,all I need you to do for me is to make arrangement and come to Johannesburg -South Africa so that you can open a non-resident account which will aid us in transferring the money into any account you will nominate overseas. This money I intend to use for investment. I have two options for you,firstly you can choose to have a certain percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction. Or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country. Which ever the option you want,feel free to notify me as I have also mapped out5% of this money for all kinds of expences incurred in the proccess of this transaction.If you do not prefer a partnership I am willing to give you 20% of the money while the remaining 75% will be for my investment in your country. Contact me with the above telephone number while I implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction. And no matter the level of transaction we are, you must call me on phone first before sending a reply.Please, You should keep this transaction secret and confidential. Best regards and God bless Mr Vuyo Gwala (For the family) Want to be your own boss? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business.