GET BACK TO ME From: Frank Siaka +27 73 260 3786 Dear Sir, I should appreciate your surprise while receiving this letter. In any case,I am left with no option but to contact you in this manner. my decision to write to you was informed by knowledge that being established personally that you could be disposed to understand my predicament in order to give me the assistance I require I am Frank Siaka the son of a late Sierra-Leonian businessman, late Dr.Coleman Siaka the owner of (RMS) Mining Company in Sierra-Leone, who died few years ago when the Revolutionary United Front Rebels (R.U.F) attacked our residence on the 11 of Feb. 2004 in Makeni Sierra-Leone. Following the cease fire agreement which was reached last year with the help of United Nation peace keeping troops, I used the opportunity to leave the country with a very important document of (US$ 7,650,000.00) Seven Million Six Hundred and Fifty Thousand United States Dollars, deposited by my late father in Security Company in South Africa, under my name. This money was realized from diamond export, now I and my mother are seeking asylum in South Africa under (UNHCR). I contacted you because of the need to deal with person whom my family and I have no previous personal relationships, and I confirmed your country as being economic conducive for investment and her people as transparent and trust-worthy to engage in business, hence my reason for writing you however, this money in question has been in the security company since his death. But my main problem now is that at my age of 28yrs, I am confused on how to handle this huge amount of money and also what to do with it as I don't have anyone to confide in South Africa here. May I use this medium to request from you if you will be disposed enough to help me keep this huge amount in your country or any other place of your choice that will have more security to the money and the life of me and my family? I have met the security company with the depositional documents that my father left behind, of which my name appears as the "Next Of Kin”, the company awaits my coming for the withdrawal, and I am even afraid of disclosing the content to them since my father in his letter had warned me against that. If it appeals to you to help me, I will suggest you take a trip to South Africa for us to meet face to face and finalize before moving the fund or if there is any other means you can suggest for the transferring of the fund to your very position pending my arrival to meet with you for investing of the money with any profitable business you introduce, as I have decided to do away with Africa entirely. I want immediate confirmation of your through our e-mail address. As soon as I get your response I shall give out more details on how we shall proceed. Kindly keep this proposal strictly confidential because of our present status here in South Africa. Thanks and remain blessed. I wait to receive a favorable response from you urgently. Yours faithfully, Frank Siaka