URGENT REPLY BARR.PAUL RICHARD (esq) Terry waya Chambers 409 Nortonburg, Accra,Ghana-West Africa. Reply to:richardpaul111@yahoo.com Telephone +233-246149832, Attn:, Compliments of the day to you.I must solicit your confidentiality and assure you that I am contacting you in good faith and this proposal will be of mutual benefit. I am Barr.PAUL (Esq.), a legal practitioner. My client who was a member board of trustees SPDC London was killed with his entire family in a fatal accident,sparing none of their lives some years ago.Before his death, I assisted him in the deposit of some funds with a Security Company for safekeeping.The funds have remained unclaimed since his death, and such unclaimed funds are appropriated and returned to the treasury as a matter of policy Considering the lack of success in my bid to locate any of his relatives for over a year now, I hereby solicit your consent to enable me present you as the Next of Kin to my deceased client. I am contacting you for two reasons. Firstly, you both have the same last name, which makes the claim most credible, Secondly I strongly believe that the Security Company does not deserve to inherit the funds, These reasons led to my resolve to claim the funds. That was why I contacted you,With your permission, I will proceed to establish you as the next of kin/Beneficiary to my late client. As soon as this is done, you will then give instructions to the Security Company, to transfer the deposited funds into another account you will provide, after which we shall then share the funds upon agreed terms. Finally, I demand that you keep this transaction confidential till we complete the deal and also confirm that the funds have been transferred into any nominated bank account of ours. I would want you to furnish me with the following informations which will assist me in this claim, 1,FULL NAME 2,CONTACT ADDRESS 3,TELEPHONE AND FAX 4,OCCUPATION. These information will assist me to secure the necessary papers in your name When I receive your response, I will provide you with further details. I await your reply, BARR.PAUL RICHARD {Esq.}. Accra, Ghana-West Africa. Reply to:richardpaul111@yahoo.com Telephone +233-24-6149832, barrister paul chambers paul Like being first? Check out the all-new Yahoo! Mail today. Copy addresses and emails from any email account to Yahoo! Mail - quick, easy and free. Do it now... Try the all-new Yahoo! Mail . "The New Version is radically easier to use" – The Wall Street Journal Copy addresses and emails from any email account to Yahoo! Mail - quick, easy and free. Do it now... "My Verdict: The new Yahoo! Mail is far superior..." – The Wall Street Journal.