urgent response STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL My Dear Friend, I am highly compelled upon strict recommendation, to write you this very urgent and confidential letter.I do hope my letter will not embarrass you since I had no previous correspondence with you.I hope this mail will not come to you as a surprise. I am sending this proposal with due sense of humanity, responsibility and with few awareness that you will give it a sympathetic attention. I regret to the inconvenience it may cause you base on the condition that we have not met before. I wish to use this opportunity to introduce myself to you, I am Mrs Mary Iddo Sankoh,the wiife of the former minister of Diamond Mining Corporation in my country Sierra Leone in West Africa,My husband had a bullet shot by the rebels on his way travelling to Lusia a city after Freetown the capital along with my daughter, My daughter died on the spot while the U N peace keeping force rescued my Husband, he was taken to hospital for medical treatment which he later died about three months now. Fortunately, My Husband has Ten million and Five hundred thousand United States Dollars(US$10.5 million) cash, which he intended to use for investment purposes overseas. This money is kept with private security company in Europe since two years ago. It is only my son and myself that know where the money is kept and has the documents for it. Due to the current situation in the country concerning government’s vendettas towards my family, we seek your assistance to transfer the ownership of this fund to you so that you can asisst us to claim it and used for the purpose of investment as intended by my husband. My family is currently being probed by this present government for alleged involvement in misappropriation of public funds during his regime. Towards this effect, an embargo restricting my family members from traveling or carrying out financial transactions without their express permission is in force. Right now, my son and myself have concluded plans and decided to take immediate claim of this fund so that we can use it to better our lives and alliviate our present suffering hence this contact. However, I have an arrangement on how you can help us to recieve this money after receiving some assurances from you. The money personally belongs to my husband and he intended that it still be used for investment. No record ever existed concerning this money, neither is the money traceable by the government because there is no documentation concerning the funds in the Federal Treasury. Bearing in mind that your assistance is needed to transfer this fund, we propose a commission of 20%(Twenty Percent) of the total sum to you for the expected services and assistance. While 5% is mapped out for miscellaneous expenses. On your positive consent, I shall expect you to contact me urgently to enable us discuss about this.Your urgent response is highly needed. I must use this opportunity to implore you to exercise utmost indulgence to keep this matter extraordinarily confidential, while I await your prompt response. Best regards, MRS. MARY IDDO SANKOH/ABDUL SANKOH