Private and Confidential. Mr. Daniel Abass. Direct Tel:234-803-3049003. PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL RE: TRANSFER OF US$50.5Million Dollars. Dear Friend, My name is Mr. Daniel Abass, an Accountant with the Ajaokuta Steel Company Ltd (ASCL). I am the chiarman of a committee set up by the Govrnment to investigate contracts awarded by this company for the past seven years, vetting and making payments on behalf of Ajaokuta Steel Company Ltd (ASCL). SUBJECT: After due consideration, we have fully agreed to privately invest extensively in your country. I am intending to resign from Government services to private business with someother officials of my parastatal as partners. I have specifically been mandated by my partners to arrange with you for terms of trade and possible transfer of the funds needed for the investment into your company’s account or personal account. This funds were incurred from an over invoiced contract awarded to a Russian firm during the regime of Late Gen. Sani Abacha. The original value of these contracts were purposely over estimated by us the Tenders Board Committee to the tune of US$50.5M(Fifty million,Five hundred Thousand Uinted States Dollars only). Now that the firm has received their payment fully, we want to transfer the over invoiced sum to your company’s account and privately invest in any profitable form of business. The US$50.5M has since been approved for Payment/remittance among other payments that have been made. This money is now floating in an escrow account of one the top commercial banks in the country as redundant funds waiting to be claimed. Because of our civil service code of conduct which prohibits all Civil Servants owning a company or operating a foreign account, I Therefore, solicit your help to remit this funds into your company’s OR PERSONAL account pending when we come over for the sharing. To enable us process and remit this fund into your bank account successfully within 10 banking days from the day of your response, we need the following information from you by a return E-MAIL. (1).YOUR COMPANY NAME AND ADDRESS (2)YOUR PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL TEL/FAX NUMBERS AND ADDRESS. Note that as soon as we receive this information, it will be forwarded to the appropriate quarters for final processing and approvals. With this modality, it makes it possible for your company to act as a subsidiary of the original firm; and when satisfied by the agency, your bank account will be credited via Telegraphic Transfer by the Telegraphic Transfer Department of the commercial bank within 48 hours.This transfer is 100% risk-free having done all the underground works locally for the smooth transfer of the fund into your bank account within the shortest period. I advice that you should keep this business a top secret and rest all correspondences to E-mail and phone only because I am occupying a sensitive position in the government circle and also this is once in a life time opportunity which I do not wish to loose. We have jointly agreed to reward you with 20% of the total sum for your honest assistance and co-operation while 75% will be for my colleagues and I. And the remaining 5% will be mapped out for settling all expenses (local and foreign) incurred in the course of this transaction. Indicate your interest urgently by e-mail while you can always reach me at anytime of the day on my directy telephone number: 234-803-3049003 as soon as you get this mail. Best Regards Mr. Daniel Abass. Direct Tel:234-803-3049003.