letter from mrs kathy olds. FROM:Mrs Kathy Olds Johannesburg, South africa. Tel+27-738151680 Fax+27-11-5075944 email:kathyolds@gmail.com Sir/madam, With due respect, trust and humility, I write to you irrespective of the fact that you do not know me and i do not know you either, but please do consider this letter as a request from a widow and family in dare need of assistance. You may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you don't know me personally. I am Mrs Kathy Olds,wife of Late Mr Martin Olds,a famous zimbabwean tobacco/cattle farmer who was murdered in a farmland dispute in Zimbabwe.Please gothrough: http://www.rte.ie/news/2000/0418/zimbabwe.html I got yourcontact through a search on the internet here in South Africa. I do not know your person but I am relying on faith to see me through. During the war waged against the farmers in Zimbabwe by the supporters and cohorts of President Robert Mugabe to claim all the white owned farms in our country, my late husband belonged to one of the classes of farmers also targeted by the ZANU-PF armed group,because he did not support theirideas and policies of taking white farmers land by force. Blackwar veterans claiming tobe farmers, invaded my husband's house on April 17, 2000 at about 8.35pm in Macheke/Virginia district and murdered him because of his insistence that white farmers be allowed to retain their farmlands despite the recently introduced land reforms"Act" in Zimbabwe by the head of state,President Robert Mugabe. Until his death he was one of the prominent members of the Zimbabwean Farmers'Union (ZFU)But before my husbands death, he first escaped safely into neighbouring South Africa with his life time fortune of US$37m(Thirty-seven Million USdollars)cash, important documents of property title and other valuables which were concealed and secured in a trunk box, and transported to Johannesburg through diplomatic means. The consignment box is currently safely lodged and secured in the vaults of a private security firm here in Johannesburg after which he returned to zimbabwe while he was killed. The fund was meant for the purchase of new tractors,machinery and agro-allied chemicals for our new farms acquired in Swaziland. This land problem came when President Robert Mugabe introduced a new land act"ModusOperandi" reform which wholly affected the rich white farmers. A lot of people were killed because of this land reforms "Act" of which my late husband was one of the main targets.Based on this,I had to flee the country with my two children and my only late husband personal assistance [PA] Mr Chris Mutembi who was his personal assistant{PA}. We are now in south africa as political assylum seekers/refugees. We decided to contact you to assist us in removing this money my husband kept in a private security company here in south africa to your account or any part of the world for investments as the monetary/investment laws here in south africa prohibits refugees and illegal immigrants from operating bank accounts or be involved in any transaction/investment. Based on this, we are contacting you hoping that you will assist us with this transaction. As a widow, I am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine and an honest person who will assist us in investing this money in a highly profit yeilding ventures without the knowledge of my country(Zimbabwe)government who are bent on taking everything my late husband had after confiscating all his farmlands and investments in Zimbabwe . We are absolutely left with nothing except the money he deposited in a private security company here in south africa. In recognition of investment opportunities that abound in so many contries in the world , I solicit for your assistance to us by moving my family money into your country/ bank account for safekeeping pending our future arrival for investments in your country or elsewhere you may wish. The family has resolved to adequately offer a share of 15% of the money to you for your involvement and assistance to our family in moving the entire money out of SouthAfrica. Please call Mr Chris Mutembi on telephone number+27-738151680 [or] send him a fax on fax number +27-11-5075944 for further briefing on what you need to do, if my letter and request is of any interest to you. while I implore you to maintain absolute confidentiality required in this transaction considering our situation here in south africa. If not, then I humbly apologise for this infringement on your privacy. Respectfully, Mrs Kathy Olds. alternative email:kathyolds11@msn.com