I NEED YOUR HELP Dear Sir, My name is,Madinatu from Sierra-Leone, the only daughter of Dr.Salam, Former Personal Assistance to the present Minister for Mines and Natural Resources in-charge of diamond production sales in my country Sierra-Leone. Unfortunately some months ago before the peace pact in my country, my father and his colleagues were killed by rebel group of Mr. Foday Sankoh during an inspection visit to the rich diamond mining area in the village of Izumba, where the rebels laid an ambush and open fire on the convoy killing of my father and some of his colleagues who where on their way to the diamond mining zone. Following the peace pact that was introduce by the united nation keeping force some months back,my mother deem it fit to say that it is right time for me to leave the country for safety and for europe or anyother stable economic bloc with the 15.million US.Dollars Fifteen Million Dollars deposited by my late father in a security and finance company in Dakar Senegal.. on my name as the next of kin or beneficiary.(all the documents covering the deposit are here with me now and will be faxed to you upon request). I contacted you based on trust and your vast knowledge in the business field when i got your contact from a profile that speaks very good of you in the internet.I want you to assist me so that i can transfer this money to your account for safe keeping pending our arrival to your country, to start up an investment in your country through your wise advice. You will act as my international business representative and also my family business associate,so that i can transfer this money to your account for safe keeping. I am now in Dakar-Senegal for the facilitation of this transaction.Please kindly communicate your acceptance or otherwise of this proposal through email address for us to discuss the modalities of seeing this transaction through. However, if you are not disposed to assist kindly destroy the letter in view of the families interest and personal security. I count on you greatly for your assistance.Please,if where i contacted you is not okay with you,do not hesitate to tell me and provide another address where i will be contacting you.A good percentage awaits you for your assistance. Expecting to hear from you soon. Your Faithfully, Madinatu Salam.