Business Relationship Dear, It is with believe and trust, I write to you. I am Barrister David Clifford a solicitor at law. I am the personal Attorney to Late Eng. Shim, a National of your Country, who lived in Nigeria, Here in after shall be referred to as my client. On the 21st of April 2005, my client was involved in a car accident along Ibadan express Road. All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives. I have contacted you to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the Bank where this huge deposit was lodged. Particularly, the bank where the deceased had an account valued at about 9.8 million dollars has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account Confiscated within the next twenty official working days. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives, I now seek your consent to present you as the next of kin Of the deceased so that the Proceeds of this account valued at 9.8 million dollars can be paid to you. If you agree, we can discuss your percentage. I have all necessary Legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make. All I require is your honesty and maximum cooperation to enable us seeing this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. You do not have nothing to fear or worry about since am the only attorney to my late client that witness this fund. As a lawyer I have the ability and necessary information to present you as the beneficiary of this fund. I required your full cooperation and understanding by forwarding to me YOUR FULL NAME AND ADDRESS, to enable me put-up the claim for processing of this transaction and send me your PRIVATE TELEPHONE/FAX NUMBER to enable us to discuss the final conclusion of the deal. There is no successful business without cordial communication. Awaiting your response. Best regards, Barrister David Clifford (Esq.).