YOUR ASSISTANCE NEEDED. CALL ME +229 95 81 42 10 YOUR ASSISTANCE NEEDED. CALL ME +229 95 81 42 10 FROM MR.PETER DANIEL DIRECTOR INCHARGE OF AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING UNIT,AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB) COTONOU-BENIN REPUBLIC PHONE NUMBER: 00229 95 81 42 10 PRIVATE EMAIL: peterdanielx4@hotmail.com Dear Friend , In a brief introduction, I am Peter Daniel, the Director of Operation with AFRICA DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB) of Benin-Cotonou ,Republic of Benin.I have a very interesting transaction to discuss with you. The business underdiscussion has to do with one of our customer a national of your country, who is a Consultant/ contractor with Societe Nationale Des Products D' Agricole (SONAPRA) Company in Benin-Cotonou. I managed to get your contact details through the Internet search myself because time is of importance to it and I am desperately looking for Someone to assist me to pull this money out from the bank before our corrupt government officials will confiscate the money. On Thursday, December 25, 2003, this our customer , his wife and their only daughter were involved in Air-Crash near the Atlantic Ocean in Cotonou suburb. For more clarifications, you can visit the CNN web news for the tragedy. www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/12/26/benin.crash Since then I have made several inquiries to your Embassy, in a bid to locate any relation of this our customer. All attempts to reach the next of kin of our customer has been futile as He had no family here in Benin Republic.Hence my decision to contact you. I want you and I to go into partnership, the nature of your business is completely irrelevant to this transaction as all I need from you is an assurance that my interest will be fully protected once this transaction is concluded. He made a numbered time (fixed) deposited for twelve calendar Months and his account with our Bank accrues to about (Fourteen Million, Three hundred and Fifty- Two Thousand US Dollars) $USD14.352M. According to the Benin Law, at the expiration of (Three) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Benin government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to our customer so that the fruits of this old man's labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials who will latter use the money to sponsor war in Africa and kill innocent citizens in the search for political power/seat. Please note that There will be no problem at all, my position as the Director of Operation guarantees the successful execution of this transaction within 7 Banking days and the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 40% for you and 60% for me. This is very simple, I will like you to reply immediately so that I can send you the Text of application which you will fill and apply to the bank as the next of kin to our customer and I will use my good position in the bank as the Director of Operation to make sure that the application is approved, during board meeting for immediate payment. If you are interested, reply immediately via my private email address: peterdanielx4@hotmail.com So that we can proceed at once. Please send to me also your private phone, or mobile numbers for easier correspondence. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Best Regards. Peter Daniel. Private email: peterdanielx4@hotmail.com