matter of interest Standard Trust Bank, 15, Adeola odeku Street, Victoria Island, Lagos. 24th July, 2003 Alternative email address: randebe@cote.azur.fr Dear Friend I am Fadaka Randebe, Bank Official of Standard Trust Bank of Nigeria , Adeola Odeku Branch. I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. On June 6 1998, a gold merchant/contractor with the Randgold Exploration Company, Mr. Jim Smith made a numbered time (Fixed) deposited for twelve calendar months, valued at US$25,000,000.00 (Twenty-five Million Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, Randgold Exploration company Ltd that Mr. Jim Smith died from an automobile accident. On further investigation, I found out that he did not leave a WILL and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Jim Smith did not declare any next of kin in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork. This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will come forward to claim it. According to the Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Jim Smith so that the fruits of this old man's labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt officials. This is simple, I will like you to provide me immediately with your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits, which will put you in place as the next of kin. I would also like you to scan you drivers license for me. We shall employ the services of two attorneys for drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favour for the transfer. A bank account in any part of the world, which you provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me and 30% for you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch official guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand. Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Awaiting your urgent reply via my alternative email address. Thanks and regards, Fadaka Randebe.