Waiting for you Greetings TRANSFER OF US$18,000,000.00(EIGHTEEN MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS) INTO YOUR ACCOUNT I am Mr. Charles Brown, a Canadian attorney based in Manchester, United Kingdom and the personal attorney to Late Mr. Mark Michelle, a French National. Late Mr. Mark Michelle until his untimely death was a private oil consultant/contractor with the Shell Petroleum Development Company In Saudi Arabia, hereinafter shall be referred to as my client. On 21st April 2000, my client and his wife with their three children were involved in a ghastly auto crash; all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives. Since then, I have made several enquiries with his country’s' embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives. After several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to personally contact you with this business partnership proposal. The deceased had a deposit valued presently at Eighteen Million United states dollars and the company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary. Having been unsuccessful in locating any of my late client relatives for over two (2) years now. I am now seeking your consent to present you as the next of kin/beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account can be paid to you. I have worked out modalities for achieving my aim of appointing a next of kin as well as transferring the money abroad for us to share in the ratio of 50% for me and 35% for you, and we shall collectively donate 10% to the Tsunami relief course while 5% will be set aside for any incurable expenses both local and international. The money transfer paperwork itself will include a certificate of origin so that the receiving bank does not ask questions. Also the paperwork will include proper certificate that the fund being transferred is from non-criminal sources. In short this will be a proper and legal money transfer with no risk involved. The transaction is guaranteed to succeed without any problem. All I need is your trust and confidence. Provide me with these information: 1. Your contact phone and fax numbers. 2. Location address As soon as I hear from you, I shall provide you with further clarification that you may need to know. Faithfully yours, Mr. Charles Brown