KINDLY ASSIST. Dear Friend, My Compliment to you, I guess this letter may come to you as a surprise since I had no previous correspondence with you. I am sending you this mail on behalf of the tender board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), which is in charge of managing and supervising the disbursement of oil sales revenues for the Nigerian government which covers payment to foreign and local contractors that have executed contracts for our country. The revenue under our control runs into several hundred of millions of dollars monthly. We came across your contact in our search for a reliable person to handle a very confidential transaction involving the transfer of Nine Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US$9.500m). This fund was accrued from various over invoicing of foreign contractors' payments made over the years. The contract has long been executed and payment of the actual contract amount has been paid to the foreign contractor. The balance of the actual contract is what my colleagues and I now interested in transferring out of Nigeria into a reliable foreign account for our personal use. As civil servants we are not allowed to run foreign accounts. Hence we have chosen you to front and support us as the beneficiary to be paid. If you are interested in this proposal, kindly get back to me by sending me your letter of acceptance along with your direct telephone and fax numbers. For your support and partnership, please reply me to negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds are transferred into your bank account. Further details about this transaction will be discussed in the subsequent correspondence. Note also that the particular nature of your business is irrelevant to this transaction and all local contacts and arrangements are in place for a smooth and successful conclusion of this transaction. We will appreciate that you treat this proposal with utmost attention, knowing fully well that you cannot and will not be compelled to assist us if you are not disposed to. I will be in UK on official assignment probably in a week’s time. I can be contacted via this email account drahmedsuleman@gmail.com I will appreciate that you forward to me your contact telephone and fax numbers on responding to this mail; I will endeavour to call you for detailed discussion on the proposal. Thank you as I await your response. Sincerely, Dr. Ahmed.