Nice Day FROM: Mr George Adams Audit and Accounting Officer ECOBANK BENIN , Rue du Gouverneur Bayol, 01 BP 1280-Cotonou my Private email address is;godbless22@sify.com Calvary Greetings, I am Mr. George Adams Audit Manager ECOBANK of AFRICA BENIN . In the capital city of Cotonou Benin republic, and assistance, this is a very confidential proposition for you. On April 21st 1999, A Swedish Oil consultant/contractor with the Benenoise Solid Minerals Corporation, Mr.Soren Anderson made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at US$15,000,000.00 (fifteen Million Dollars only) in my branch. Upon maturity on November 20th 2003 as his Credit Officer, I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally I discovered from his contract employers, the Benenoise Solid Minerals Corporation that Mr.Soren Anderson died on auto accident with his entire family. Further investigations and all attempts to trace his next of kin were fruitless. Again, I made further investigation and discovered that Mr.Soren Anderson did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$15,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to the International Banking ethics, codes and Laws, at the expiration of 7(Two) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Benin Government if nobody applies to claim the fund. Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr.Soren. This is simple, I will like you to respond immediately with your full names and address so that we will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 70% for me and some of my colleagues who are aware of this transaction and 25% for you and 5% for Expenses Incurred in the course of the transaction There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by my colleagues and with my position as the Foreign Remittance Director guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. Please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication. You should observe utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country. Reply me in my Private email; Awaiting your urgent reply. Remain Bless. Mr.George Adams