ANSWER OUR CRY Zuma bullians&Mother know that this proposal might be a surprise to you but it as an emergency to our condition with my mother here in Cote D' Ivoire Abijan, Be bless as you help me and my mother to transfer and invest our money in your country.My name is Zuma Bullians. with My Mother from the republic of Sudan in Central Africa Dafur, now seeking for refuge in Cote D' Ivoire l under the(UNHCR)united nation high commission for refuge with my mother. I got your contact during a desperate search here in Cote D' Ivoire for a possible investment transaction. My (late) father HON DR. ALMAMMY BULLIANS, who was the former ministre of finance and economy in Sudan before he was assasineted by the rebbles in the captal city of Khartoon 2003. And all our properties was totally destroyed. However, we managed to escape with some of my father's documents covering $18.500.000 Million dollars(Eighteen Million Five Hundered Thousand us dollars Only) which is presently deposited safely in a Bank here in Cote D' Ivoire Abijan West Africa on my name as the only son of the family and the next of kin. The Bank have approved to transfer the fund deposited on my name but we are looking for a trust and reaible foreign partner who will assist us to transfer and inves the fund in his country. i was advice to live with my mother to Cote D' Ivoire abidjan because i was the next target as the only son of my family. All the vital documents will be fax to you as our foreign partner who will recive the fund for the investment. Meanwhile,we are saddled with the problem of securing a trust worthy foriegn personality to help us transfer the money and invest it in his country and into his possession pending our arrival to meet with him. Furthermore, we only want this done this way because your country is politically stable for any profitable investment and only if you accept our proposal, you will serve as the beneficiary of the fund on commencement of this proposed transactions. You will send me and my mother a letter of inviation to enable us to get a visa and fly down to your country once the fund is been transfer to your country.i hope you will not betray me and my mother because this money is all our hope since my late fathe r died. I am giving you the offers as mentioned with every confidence on your acceptance to assist us, we have decided to invest 40% of the total fund based on equity participation in your company. Secondly, we shall also take 5% out for any miscelleneous expenses that may occure during the transfer. Conclusively, i wish you send me a reply immediately as soon as you recieve this proposal so that we shall arrange on how this fund will be transfer to your country. On commencement,this transaction will take nothing less than 4 working days to be accomplished as the bank managment told me and my mother. All documents covering the fund are and intact with us here in Cote D' Ivoire Abidjan and also send me. (1)your private phone number (2)your private fax number (3)your private email address so that i will contact you for more ditails i will fax you all the vital documents to enable you to contact the Bank firm for the transfer.my mother is sending her greetings to you and your family. kindly keep this transfer seceret and confidentail between you and us . (zuma_bullians222@yahoo.fr) My mother is sending her greetings to you and your family my private email address (zuma_bullians222@ozu.es) TELE +225 064 084 70 Thanks, yours son, Bullians & Mother