From: Lady Peggy Morrison, From: Lady Peggy Morrison, 4 Old Church Street, Chelsea, SW3, England. Here writes Lady Peggy Morrison, suffering from cancerous ailment. I am married to Engineer Richard Morrison an Englishman who is dead. My husband was into private practice all his life before his death. Our life together as man and wife lasted for three decades without child. My husband died after aprotracted illness. My husband and I made a vow to uplift the down-trodden andthe less-privileged individuals as he had passion for persons who can not help themselves due to physical disability or financial predicament. I can adduce this to the fact that he needed a Child from this relationship,which never came. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of 20 Million (20Million Great Britain Pounds Sterling which were derived from his vast estates a nd investment in capital market with his bank here in UK. Presently, this money is still with the Bank. Recently, my Doctor told me that I have limited days to live due to the cancerous problems I am suffering from. Though what bothers me most is the stroke that I have in addition to the cancer. With this hard reality that has befallen my family, and me I have decided to donate this fund to you and want you to use this gift which comes from my husbands effortto fund the upkeep of widows, widowers, orphans, destitute, the down-trodden,physically challenged children, barren-women and persons who prove to be genuinely handicapped financially. It is often said that blessed is the hand that giveth. I took this decision because I do not have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are bourgeois and very wealthy persons and I do not want my husbands hard earned money to be misused or invested into ill perceived ventures. I do not want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner,hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I am not afraid of death henceI know where I am going. I know that I am going to be with the Almighty when Ieventually pass on. The Almighty will fight my case and I shall hold my peace. I do not need any telephone communication in this regard due to my deteriorating health and because of the presence of my husbands relatives around me. I do not want them to know about this development. With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the bank in UK. I will also issue you a Letter of Authority that will empower you as the original beneficiary of this fund via my Lawyer. My happiness is that I lived a life worthy of emulation. Please always be prayerful all t hrough your life. Please assure me that you will act just as I have stated herein. Hope to hear from you soon and God bless you and members of your family.you can contact me through my private email address: Lady Peggy Morrison. ladypeggymorrisonoffice14@yahoo.com.hk 4 Old Church Street, Chelsea, SW3, England.