I NEED YOUR URGENT REPLY Good day I know this mail might come to you as surprise but kindly allow me the opportunity of introducing myself. I am Ms. Aminata Bobi Kabila; daughter of the former head of state/president of Congo-Kinshasa (former Zaire), Mr. Laurent Desire Kabila. I got your particulars through the South African Chamber of Commerce; However, i am contacting you in order to ask for your assistance on this confidential business proposal with full financial benefit for both my family and you. Before i go into further details, please be informed that i am writing without any other perso(s) pre-knowledge of my contacting you on this transaction. Therefore i will appreciate same attitude to be maintained all through. I have the sum of USD8.5 Million from a secret sale of Diamond by my father before he was assassinated by one of his body guards (Rashid) on January 16th 2001. The essence of this mail is to ask you to stand as my foreign partner and receive the fund on my behalf as i can not do much on my own due to security reasons, my narration below will explain better. Before i continue, be well informed that your share in this transaction has been calculated at 30% of the total sum, 5% for expenses that may be incurred if any and the rest for my family and me. My father as an African traditionalist was a polygamist thereby having married so many wives, and my mother being the second wife of my father, my step-brother Joseph, who is the current president of my country, is the son of the first wife and he does not have any knowledge about this deal. Already president Joseph is using his power to colonise all the money and private property which our father left behind for the whole family. Now my mother, myself and my younger brother are left with nothing in the inheritance of my late father’s wealth. Our situation is seriously critical that we need your assistance to help us receive this fund for relocation overseas and for proper investment jointly between we and you. Let me quickly assure you the 100% safe proof of this transaction because the diamond sales are packaged from the onset in a pattern that shows no direct trace or linkage with us (Kabila family). At present the money is in cash and is secured in a security company as family treasures. I am waiting for your quick and favourable response, and in case you have any question(s), do not hesitate to contact me urgently. Thanks, Ms. Aminata B. Kabila.