Private Mail. FROM: Mr. Jeffrey Daniels TEL:27 835 067 386, Dear Sir, In order to transfer out (US$12 Million) Twelve Million United States Dollars from ABSA .I have picked-up the trust and courage to write you this letter with divine confidence that you are a reliable and honest person who will be capable for this important business transaction believing also that you will never let me down either now or in the future. My name is Mr. Jeffrey Daniels a senior Auditing Officer with the ABSA Bank in South Africa.There is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 nobody has operated on this account again. After going through some old files in the records, I discovered that if I do not remit this money out urgently it would be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this account died since 1990. No other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that this company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is (US$12 million)Twelve million United States Dollars.I want to transfer this sum of Twelve million United States Dollars into a safe foreign account abroad.I am contacting you based on the fact that you are a foreigner because this money can only be approved for payment to a foreigner, more so it can not be approved by any local bank here, as this money is in US Dollars hence the former owner of this account is a foreigner too. I know that this proposal will come to you as a surprise as we don't know ourselves before. however I got your contact from an inter net consultant here in South Africa, though I did not disclose the purpose of my seeking for a foreign business partner to him. Although we will still have to meet possibly, sign some agreement before the final transfer of the fund into any of your chosen designated bank account. I have involved a very senior official in the operational department and we have agreed that after the transfer of the money into your account, you shall be entitled to 25% of the total sum, we the officials will take 70% while 5% is for expenses. All necessary precautions have been taken to ensure a risk free situation on the side of both parties. Please note that this deal can only take place on the following conditions:- 1.You will provide the bank account and other relevant particulars/information for easy and onward Remittance of this money. 2.Absolute confidentiality and sincerity will be required and guaranteed, considering our (me and my partners) positions in the bank. 3.Assurance that our own due share will be released to us in good faith when this money finally gets into your account. All things being equal, this transaction will be within 10 working days as soon as we hear from you. Please treat with utmost confidentiality. Contact me as quickly as possible through my e-mail box,or above telephone number. Expecting your urgent response, Best Regards, Mr. Jeffrey Daniels