URGENT REPLY NEEDED FROM MRS AISHA MOHAMMED(Assalamu alaikum!!! ) From:MRS AISHA MOHAMMED. Attn:The Managing Director Dear Beloved Assalamu alaikum!!! My contacting you is based on trust. I have seen war and I have seen peace, I have seen riches and I have seen people die of hunger on daily bases. And I am quite certain that life is vanity; the only life worth living is a life of service to the almighty One ALLAH, most merciful, most compassionate and most benevolent. This is the reason for my present decision based absolutely on ALLAH. Before I proceed, may I humbly introduce myself to your goodself, My Name is Mrs. Aisha mohammed, an Iraqi refugee ,my husband was until recently, one of the personal aid to the president of Iraq who was formerly overthrown out of power . Prior to this last serious crisis that is still ravaging in my country,which recently led to misfortune of our government and my late husband position as the personal aid to the president, ,We inherited the sum of US$16 million.The funds were originally gotten from my late husband proceeds. My late husband was able to safe guard the fund with a very good diplomatic contact from my Country and deposited it in thailand. .I have decided to contact you because I am interested in investing in your country which is investment friendly. Please kindly guide and assist me in making the right investment since I am also interested in buying a residential property as I will be moving with my only son musa in over there as soon as every thing regarding technical and logictics details is worked out and ascertained to our respective satisfaction. In view of your participation,I am ready to give you a good negotiable percentage for your assistance,or better still commit it into viable Joint venture projects with you.,be assured that you stand no risk of any kind as the funds belong to me and my only survived son musa. As soon as I get your consent, we will quickly move this fund to your country for investment . However, upon your acceptance to work as my partner, you can contact me with my private e-mail for more details. , I strongly believe that associating with you to embark on this and other business ventures will derive a huge success here after, please include you private contact telephone number and private e-mail when replying.contact me at my private email: mrsaisha_mrs@yahoo.com Yours Sincerely. Mrs.AISHA MOHAMMED.