URGENT BUSINESS TRANSACTION Attn: URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP I am Mr.Roland Bartic Director, project implementation with (LOC) (LOCAL ORGANIZING COMMITTEE FOR 2010 FIFA WORLD CUP IN SOUTH AFRICA) and a member of the Contract Tenders Board (CTB) of the above Committee. Your esteemed address was reliably introduced to me at the South Africa Chamber of Commerce and Industry in my search for a reliable individual company who can handle a strictly confidential transaction, which involves the transfer of a reasonable sum of money to a foreign account. This amount of money is total sum ofUS$13,500,000.00 (Thirteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars), already extracted from various contracts awarded by my Committee. As a result of over invoicing masterminded by the concerned officials, has been drafted to represent final payment for a contract that has been executed to the Committee last years back. The money is now floating in the suspense account of Federal Reserve Bank of South Africa awaiting claim by Foreign Partner which status we now want you to assume. Now is the optimum period to consummate this transaction. Following the presidential directive to all parastatals to settle all outstanding debts owed to both local and foreign contractors. In my last meeting with the officials involved, it was unanimously agreed that 35% of the total sum will be given to you. 60% will be for my colleague, and me.While 5% will he used to reimburse the expenses that may be incurred in the processing of the transfer. I assure you the transaction is 100% risk free as we have concluded every arrangement to protect the interest of every one involved. Likewise, all modalities for the successful transfer of this money have been worked out with the Federal Ministry of Finance and the Federal Reserve Bank of South Africa to facilitate the remittance of this money to your designated account. However. I would want to believe that you are honest enough and will not raise any misgiving attitude in any aspect of the transaction, more importantly, you will keep this transaction very confidential so as not to tarnish the confidence reposed on these officials by the Government of South Africa. lf this business proposal is of interest to you, then kindly contact me via telephone or email. Meanwhile, your immediate response will be highly appreciated. Please treat this information as confidential. Best regards, Mr.Roland Bartic