MUTUAL PARTNERSHIP. Dear Friend, I am Mr. Stark William, the senior credit officer of NATWEST BANK PLC.I have three more months in this office and as such i am informing you for a reliable partner concerning a project in this bank which will be of great benefit to our families. After the United States and Iraqi war, our client Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah who was the deputy governor of Baghdad in Iraq and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 12 calendar months, with a value of £25,000,000 (Twenty Five Million British Pounds) only in my branch.Upon maturity several notices were sent to him, even in the first quater of this year. Again another notification was sent and still no response came from him. We later found out that the Deputy Governor has been assasinated in Baghdad. The websites below is a proof and verification of the news about his death: http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/world/middle_east/3970619.stm http://www.uslaboragainstwar.org/article.php?id=6979 After further investigation it was also discovered that Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank.So,the said amount is still lying in my bank as no one will come forward to claim it. Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a neutral person to stand in as the next of kin to Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah so that you will beable to receive his funds with my aid as the insider. THE PREREQUISITE OF THIS PROJECT: I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary documents that will back you up as the next of kin to Hatem Kamil Abdul Fatah,all that is required from you NOW is for you to provide me with your : 1.Full Names 2.Complete residential Address so that the attorney can prepare the documents with your name. After you have been made the next of kin,the attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approvals and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you. There are no risks involved in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all necessary documents. Please endeavour to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue. Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 60% for me, 40% for you. Should you be interested, please send me your full particulars including your private phone and/or fax numbers for easy communication,and i will provide you with more details of this operation as well as my particulars. . Email:starkmail@yahoo.ie I AWAIT AN EMAIL IN RESPONSE TO THE ABOVE PROPOSAL. Kind Regards, Mr.Stark William.