PRIVATE!!!! >From The Desk Of MR MR.ODIASE GEORGE ChairMan Contract Award Committe Federal Ministry of Aviation. Garki- Abuja-Nigeria Tel: 234-1-7761675 Fax: 234-1-7592687. Dear My nameis MR MR.ODIASE GEORGE.chairman of the contract award committe of the. Federal Ministry of Aviation. Sometime last year,the Federal Government of Nigeria decided to upgrade the Radar and Landing facilities at the Malam Aminu Kano International Airport,kano inNorthern Nigeria.The contract ran into several millions of Dollars. The contract was handled by a foreign firm but because of the huge monetary profit we envisaged we decided toover-invoice the contract sum. Now the contract has been completed and the original contractor has since been paid, but the contract balance of US$12.5 million, which resulted from the over invoiced contract sum that has been left in a suspense account with the CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA, is what me and my partners are planning to take out of the country for ourselves. The problem is as government officials, we are not supposed to own fat bank accounts, talk less of having foreign ones. To this end, we are soliciting your assistance as a foreign partner who can assist us and receive this amount into your account. We are ready to share this money with you on the basis of participation. We also have plans to invest part of this money in any viable business in your country under your care, as we are very close to retirement age. In any case, I received a reference of you on the net while looking for a potential and reliable partner. Please if you accept my proposal do not hesitate to send me an e-mail, so that I can provide you with the basic procedures for the release of the fund. It does not matter whether you or your company does contract project of the nature described here, the assumption is that you won a major contract and subcontracted it to another company, more often than not, big trading companies or individuals of unrelated field win major contracts here in Nigeria and subcontracts same to more specialized firms for execution. BENEFIT: For providing the account where we shall remit this money, you will be entitled to 15% of the entire funds, 80% will be for me and my partners, while 5% has been set aside to cover any expenses that may be incurred by both parties during this transaction, both local and international. Please I enjoin you to handle this transaction with utmost degree of maturity and confidentiality because I am still in active government service with the "FEDERAL MINISTRY OF AVIATION". If I receive your response on time, this whole transaction could be accomplished within the shortest possible time based on your interest and determination, since the money is already in transit. Please, try to reach me soon as there is no much time to waste on this . Yours faithfully, MR.ODIASE GEORGE