GOD;S WORK Dear Beloved in Christ, It is a priviledge to hear from God and it gives me joy to relate my testimony to you haven recieved instruction from God through divine revelation. I was a Moslem and a retired military top officer in Nigerian Army that served under the past military regime. I was the financial secretary to the Armed Force Ruling Council (AFRC). With my position as a financial secretary, I was able to divert up to $45,000,000.00 (Forty Five million U.S Dollars, into my personal Bank Account, hoping to invest the money when I'm retired. Immediately I got retired, I was converted from Moslem to Christian when I was preached the words of God through my cousin Pastor Paul Osakwe. I then gave my life to Christ and became a born again Christain. Since I gave my life to Christ, I had no rest of mind. Some times I think of the souls I killed when I was a soldier and the dubious ways I diverted my country's money into my Personal Bank Account.I then decided to seek the face of God for forgiveness and after fasting and prayer through Divine Revelation, the Almighty God revealed to me that the only way I could have rest of mind is when I used all my money to do the work of God. I immediately disclosed my revelation to my Pastor and he was happy with me. I have been thinking of the particular thing to do for my God before this present civilian president of my country set up a panel (Honourable Oputa Panel) to probe the Bank Account of the past Military officers like me. Instead of loosing this money to my government, I quickly withdrew my money out of my Account and deposited the money in a finance and security company for safety. My Pastor has adviced me to sneak out of the country with the money to sow it into a ministries abroad. I have decided to sow this money into your ministry. I am making arrangement to come over to your country but you need to receive this in cash before I come over. The cash has been packaged by the security company in consignments and ready for shipment but the security company requires the address of the money from the finance and security company receiver. Please send to me your names, address and your tele and fax number where I can fax the Airway Bill to enable you claim the consignment. I will be coming over to your ministry with my family for thanksgiving as soon as I sent out this money to you. I look forward to your response through my private yahoo account:zik_don@yahoo.co.uk God bless you. Deacon zik.