GOOD DAY Dear Sir, With due respect, trust and humility, I write you this proposal believing that it will receive the most desired attention from you even as we have not had any previous correspondence, Although, I am constrained by insufficient information about you, but I will express in full the main objectives of this proposal . I am Mr.CHRIS ANDERSON Personal Aide and in-law to the former President of the Liberian Mr. Charles Taylor, who resigned his post due to pressure from the International Community in order to maintain peace in west African Region. His Excellency who is currently behind bars at a U.N.-backed court in Hague Netherlands, facing 11 counts of war crimes during the country's 1991-2002 civil war. Liberian Government In conjunction with Sierra Leone Government has agreed on June 20, 2006 for security reason to Hand him over to U.N War crime Special Court in Hague, Netherlands. His Excellency who was arrested on a boarder between Nigeria and Cameroun of which he instructed me to escape with all his vital documents so that he could face a U.N.-backed tribunal for war crime charges which he is now currently facing. but before this new unfolding events. Though our original plan was after successful crossing to Cameroun un-noticed, I will proceed to Accra Ghana totake the task of arranging for the immediate evacuation of the money in whish he deposited in the custody of Security Finance Company before it will be discovered by International Community or Liberian Government.See the website for more details http://jurist.law.pitt.edu/paperchase/2006/03/breaking-news-charles-taylor-captured.php http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/2963086.stm http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/africa/03/29/taylor.nigeria/index.html http://somalinet.com/news/world/Africa/10893 His Excellency, while in jail has mandated me to secure the co-operation of a trust worthy and reliable firm or individual as fund managers to whom he will entrust certain amount of money to be managed within the period while he is in jail, on the terms as shall be agreed by both parties. The new government in Liberia lead by Mrs. Ellen Johnson-Sir leaf has initiated moves to probe Mr. Taylor’s governance while in office with a view of recovering his assets and deposits and repatriating such to the country as was the case with the Late Head of State of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Gen. Sanni Abacha as advised by the International Community on Liberian Government. On the wake of hostilities in Liberia and the break out of war between the rebels and the allied forces, the Liberian government being under an arms embargo by the U.N could not import arms officially, so Mr. Taylor resolved to illegal arms deal from the West African Region of Ghana, which was transacted by cash monies, within this period, he succeeded in depositing a total sumof USD$115M only, in cash money derived from the arms dealing custody of Security Finance Company in Accra Ghana. Which is the trust company from where the arms deal was financed? we intends to execute a deed of conveyance of this deposit to a capable and trust worthy firm or individual who will immediately effect a change of beneficiary on the deposit and release it from the custody of Security Finance Company by way of terminating the deposit contract to avoid any trace and repatriation of the deposit by the new government in Liberia. Terms of the transaction shall be discussed and agreement entered into when you indicate your ability to handle and manage funds of this magnitude under a strict confidential understanding.. Please treat as most confidential due to the sensitive information given in here strictly to you. Yours sincerely CHRIS ANDERSON Personal Aide to the former Liberian President