From Rose Kouakou From : Mrs Rose Kouakou Abidjan, Cote d Ivoire West Africa. Dearest one, With due respect to your humble self, I write you this letter which I believe you would be of great assistance to me and my children. I am MRS Rose Kouakou the wife of the late Dr DAVID Kouakou of the blessed memory. Prior to my husband assassination by the rebel forces loyal to CORPORAL FODAY SANKOH of the Revolutionary United Front (RUF), He was the Director General National Gold and Diamond Mining Corporation of Sierra-Leone. Few days before my husband was assassinated, he instructed me and my children ( DIDOW and Raymond) to move out of Sierra-Leone and also to go in his underground strong room where the documents of money he has deposited in a security company in Abidjan Cote d Ivoire in one trunk Box as family valuables and treasures with the name of my first son DIDOW Kouakou as the beneficiary. The amount is US$10,500.000.00 (Ten million Five hundred thousand United States Dollars.)We managed to escape to Abidjan the Republic of Cote d Ivoire through the help of my husbands friend who is a trawler. As our travelling document was seized. For your information , the security company does not know the real content of the box and we do not wish them to know until the money is transferred to your account. As it was deposited as family valuables and treasures. Meanwhile, I want to leave Cote d'Ivoire entirely with this money for investment in your country because of the unstable political situation and mostly for the future of my children. I want you to please assist us to claim the box from the security company in Europe. Because of the political problem here sometimes ago,I instructed the Security Company to transfer the consignment to their branch office in Europe for safe keeping. So the consignment is now in Europe. we have it in mind to reward you with a certain percentage for your assistance. As soon as we hear from you. immediately you receive this letter to enable us proceed in earnest toward retrieving the box and transferring of the money into your account. Finally, Please ensure that no one else knows about this money as it is only me, my son and yourself knows about this money. Please even if you don't want to assist me, please dont expose this for my security. May God bless you as you Découvrez le blog Yahoo! Mail : dernières nouveautés, astuces, conseils.. et vos réactions ! Découvrez le blog Yahoo! Mail : dernières nouveautés, astuces, conseils.. et vos réactions !