vital link. ATTENTION PLS, Pls go through and reply me now I am writing this letter in confidence believing that if it is the wish of God for you to help me and my family, God almighty will bless and reward you abundantly. My family and I are true Christians and worship's God truthfully. I got your contact through Internet during my research on some one who could help us. I am a female university student from Accra Ghana, I am 25 yrs old. I do like any person who can be caring, loving and home oriented. I will love to have a long-term relationship with you and to know more about you. I would like to build up a solid foundation with you in time coming if you can be able to help me in this transaction. Well, my fathers died earlier seven months ago and left my mother I and my junior brother behind. He was a king, which our town citizens titled him before his death. I was a Princess to him and I and my brother are the only people who can take Care of his wealth now because my mother is not literate enough to know all my fathers wealth behind. He left up to USD 5, 350, 000.00 dollars (FIVE MILLION, THREE HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND US DOLLARS,AND ABOUT 100 KG OF ALLUVIA GOLD DUST)with a security company, and I dont know how and what I will do to invest this money somewhere in abroad,and process the sale of carat so that my fathers kindred will not take over what belongs to my father and our family, which they were planning to do without my presence because I am a female as stated by our culture in the town. That is why I felt happy when I saw your contact which I strongly believe that by the grace of God, you will help me secure and invest this money. I thereby need your help in bringing the box contaning the money out from the security company, based on your reply I will furnish you with more details on how we can proceed. I am ready to pay 10% of the total amount to you if you help us in securing this money and another 10% interest of Annual Income to you, for handling this business for us, which you will strongly have absolute control over. If you can handle this project sincerely and also willing to assist me in lifting this fund, kindly reach me and I will let you know the next step to take towards actualizing this transaction as quickly as possible Please, note that this transaction is 100% risk free.I look forward hearing from you soonest. Yours sincerely Princess Jamie opuku