DEAR FRIEND Dear Friend. I am Mrs Janet Bradford, am a widow and an International Oil merchant in Dubai, United Arab Emirate and a member of Project Management Institute. I have been diagnosed with Cancer, which was discovered very late due to my laxity in caring for my health. It has defiled all forms of medical attention ; Right now I have only about a few months to live, according to my Medical Consultant from Germany. I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for myself but for my the Oil business just because of the fact that am a Widow with no feeling for love and sex from any man since i had lost my lovely husband years ago!. Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I only focused on my business as that was the only thing I cared for since i lost my lovely husband 12 years ago!. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world. I believed when God gives me a second chance and heal me I would livemy life a different way from how I have lived it.I have sowed a seed for my healing and have willed and given most of myproperties and assets to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close friends. I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul and so, I havedecided to give arms to Charity Organizations and give succor and comfort to the less privileged of the Tsunami and Hurricane Katrina Victims, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I did on earth so far, by distributing some of this money to some Charity Organizations in India. Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my selfanymore.I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts in Saudi Bank and distribute the money which I have there to Charity Organization and to the less privileged in Bulgaria and Sudan. They cashed the money but kept it only to themselves. Hence I do not trust them anymore,as they seem not to be contended with what I have left for them already. The last of my funds/money, which no one knows of, is the huge cash deposit of Twenty Two Million United States Dollars ( US$ 22 Million) that Ihave in the Vault of The Security Company in Europe as family valuablesince the year 2003 for safekeeping.I want you to collect this deposit on my behalf anddisburse it to the Tsunami Earthquake victims in Asia and for the less privileged. Please sendme a mail to indicate your wiliness to assist in this disbursement. Iwill set aside 10% for you for your time and efforts. I need your urgent reply with the below complete information Your Full names: Your Residential Address: Your phone/Fax numbers: Your Age: Your Occupation: As soon as I receive this from you it will enable me go ahead andinform the company where the said fund is deposited for the project.Be informed that I will make sure I do all I can to ensure that thisproject work out in the name of God .I will also plead to you to always pray for me because only God can heals. I will advice you to also send your reply to my below company email adress. God bless you for your care and understanding.Attached to this email is my present photo in my sick bed, kindly help me along with prayer!!!! Mrs Janet Bradford, Promart Oils and Gas Dubai. Promartoilandgas@gmail.com