please reply Investment Proposal from: DR. GODWIN KALALA C/o Afri-Projects Consult Ltd., No. 53 Opebi Road, Ikeja, Lagos Nigeria. Fax:234-1-7598296. REQUEST FOR A MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP:PERMISSION TO REMIT US$35MILLION INTO YOUR COMPANY OR PRIVATE ACCOUNT. With due respect, trust and humility, I write you this proposal believing that it will receive the most desired attention from you even as we have not had any previous correspondence before. Although I am constrained by insufficient information about you, but I will express in full the main objectives of this proposal. This request for your assistance is of mutual benefit to us all. Our company is specialized in contract syndication, projects consulting, monitoring/supervision and management services. We would like to solicit your kindness in assisting us to champion the transfer of some fund from our country to yours for safe keeping. The total amount of fund is US$35million (Thirty-five Million United States Dollars Only). SOURCE OF THIS FUND: We have used our network of relationships, to secure a contract valued at US$350,000,000.00 (THREE HUNDRED AND FIFTY MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY) from the Federal Ministry of Works & Housing (F.M.W.H.). This contract was in favour of a Foreign based Multi-national company. This contract has been fully executed and the contractors have already received their payments from the Ministry of Works & Housing. However, before the contract was awarded, we had understanding with officials of Federal Ministry of Works & Housing, that 10% (TEN PERCENT) of the total contract sum would be our commission for our services in recommending the contractors and for helping to conduct various negotiations leading to final agreement. This 10% amounting to US$35,000,00.00 (THIRTY-FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY) is due for payment to a foreign account of our choice. This amount is owned by our goodselves and some top officials of Federal Ministry of Works & Housing. Basically, you would be required to nominate a suitable Bank Account that will conveniently accommodate the total fund. Account could be a fresh or an already existing one, and could be individual or corporate account. All necessary arrangement have been made for the transfer of the funds into your account which they are awaiting for your above mentioned details to enable us make proper documentation of the payments in your favour and apply for the transfer of the funds into your account. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE TRANSFER OPERATION WILL TAKE SEVEN TO TEN WORKING DAYS TO BE COMPLETED. I would need your personal assurance that you would not sit on the money when its finally get into your account. SHARING MODALITIES: You shall be entitled to 25% of this fund for your envisaged efforts and assistance rendered. 5% has been set aside for reimbursement to both parties for incidental expenses that may be incurred in the course of this transaction. The remaining 70% would be for our company and the top officials. This proposal is strictly confidential, free from any form of risk and does not depend on any particular field of trade to prosecute. Therefore, the line of business of yourself/company is not a hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction. It however requires your adequate participation and support to enable its accomplishment on schedule. Be informed that on completion of this business our company will use part of its share of the money to invest in your country under your care. Please send email to me on my Private E-mail Address: gokalala5@tiscali.co.uk or you can send me a fax on my confidential fax number 234-1-7598296 so that we can commence the whole transaction. Thanks in anticipation and God bless. DR.GODWIN KALALA.