Hello dear Mr..John Chukwu Chartered Bank (CB). Lagos-Nigeria Attn: Sir/Madam. In order to transfer out Twenty Two Million United States Dollars from Chartered Bank (CB). I wish to ask for your assistance, believing that you will never let me down either now or in future. I got your e-mail address from the e-mail directory in the internet. I am Mr..John Chukwu, the Chief Auditor of Chartered Bank (CB). There was an account opened in this bank in 1983 and since 1989 nobody has operated on this account till date. After my long investigation to my greatest suprise I came to find out that the owner of the account who is Mr.Peter B. Andreas, a foreigner, crude oil exporter, who died in 1990. This account has no beneficiary, infact no other person knows about this account or anything about the account, and my investigation proved to me as well that this company does not exist anymore in NIgeria. The amount involved is USD 22M, which i seek your consent to transfer to a safe foreign account. I do not know any foreigner that i can trust either than you, I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be claimed by a Nigerian because the rightful owner of the account (Mr. Peter) is a foreigner. I know that this mail will come to you as a surprise as we do not know each other before hand. we will be needed to sign an Agreement as a security so that we cannot betray the trust that will be given to eachother in this legitimate and joint venture, which demand utmost secrecy and confidential. I am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary. I need your full co-operation for us to have a successful transaction. Because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account, which I will give to you immediately i receive your positive reply. With my position now in the office I can authorise the immediate transfer of this money to any foreign reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing and further investment. I will destroy all documents used in this transaction immediately we must have transferred this money to your nominated account sucessfully, so as to avoid any document trace by any person. I will apply for annual leave to get visa to your country immediately you confirm me that you are willing to assist me. I will also use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments. At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 20% of the total amount, 75% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transferring. Awaiting your urgent reply through my private mail box (johnchukwu1@maktoob.com) and please do not FORGET TO INCLUDE YOUR PRIVATE FAX AND TELEPHONE NUMBERS FOR EASY COMMUNICATION. Thank you and God bless. Yours truly, MrJohn Chukwu