FROM THE DEK OF DR BATURE MINISTRRY OF MINES&POWER 3,MITAMAZ DRIVE ABUJA,NIGERIA. FROM THE DESK OF:DR BELLO BATURE. ATTN: I write to enquire of your personal or company profile and investment procedures, I am Dr Bello Bature and I work for the Ministry of Mines &Power in Nigeria, and by this letter, I am representing and also acting on behalf of my two senior colleagues (The Director General and the group General Manager) who have mandated that I got in contact a trusted and reliable foreign based businessman/woman concerning the business matter of mutual benefit toall.By thismandate given to me,we are in dire need of foreign partners to assist us in the transfer Investment of US$24,000,000.00(twenty four million united statesdollars). The key issue is the transfer and the subsequent Investment of the said sum. We are ready to go into anagreement with you and also offer you a negotiable fee for puttingtogether an Investmentportfolio. It does not matter whether or not you own a company or you have invested fundsbefore. We shall guide you on what to do. The basis will be that a major company won a contract andsubcontracted it toyou. More often, big trading companies and firm of unrelated field won contracts and subcontracts to more specialized firms for execution.We shall follows strictly all the legal procedures entailed the laws of our land and international laws in transferring the fund to you. The sources of the fund are legitimate and authoritative. Please be informed that Nigerian Government Monitory Policy, strategic positioned Government officials are not allowed to operate or own bank account overseas, hence,we are in need for a foreign partner to front for us.We pray that you take the essence of this letter in strict confidence, as the two offices involved would not like to be exposed on this. Kindly firstnotify me onyou wiliness to assist us through this email address Details will be made available to you as soon as you respond.You are to contact me only on this email address specifically for more information and you are to keep this business proposal very confidential for securityreason.Thank you and God bless as we wait for your urgent response. Yours faithfully, Dr.Bello Bature. TEL:23433704238. EMAIL:dr.bell_bat@portugalmail.com