Responds needed Dear Friend , Greetings to you, I am Barrister Chuks Anthony.A a senior advocate and the legal adviser attached to the former Liberian President Charles Taylor who is currently on exile/asylum in Calabar, Nigeria. Mr. Charles Taylor has been well known to me for some time now, the former head of state General Abdul Salami Abubakar first introduced him to me as a good friend some time in 1998 and I have since known him to be a very straight forward and generous person. Hence my involvement in securing his asylum to Nigeria. For this great gesture His excellency has given me the mandate to help in transferring some funds, which he had lodged in one of his secret security companies as Authorities in some western countries have already frozen his personal accounts worth billions of dollars before his anticipated ouster. I am giving you this privileged details after I have given it serious thought and have come to a conclusion that you are capable of handling such a transaction and trusting that you will not let me down by exposing this very generous offer to anyone, considering it's delicate nature. Trying to secure a capable and honest person for this transfer has been quite a burden considering the prevalent cases of financial fraudulent acts being perpetrated by some criminal minds within this African region. The total sum of $25,000,000.00(Twenty five million dollars) was lodged in a security company by his excellencies aids on his behalf and he nor any of his aids cannot directly claim this funds for obvious reasons which is why I appeal for your assistance in transferring this huge some for his use as you would be rewarded generously. I for one am a civil servant and for that not allowed to operate a foreign account. I am soliciting your help as you are a foreigner and have no connections with my client and therefore in a perfect position to lay claim of this funds and subsequently keep a percentage for your troubles and transfer the rest to a secure account that will be provided once you are in receipt of the funds. I can assure you that my client has gone through the trouble of making sure that this transaction will be carried out in the most secure way to keep it top secret and hitch free. This is a proposal and I would like to know your stance first before I can furnish you with other relevant details, as this transaction will require definite and precise steps. If you are interested in carrying out this transaction please get back to me via this e-mail . with these details: (1) Full name or company name (2) Secure phone number, fax line for quicker correspondence. Please treat this with utmost secrecy and urgency, as my client is a man of principle who keeps to his word and likes his business handled with some sense of commitment.Anticipating your quickest response. Yours truly, BAR.Chuks Anthony