CAN I TRUST YOU ??????............ Hello, May l briefly introduce myself to you. I am hajia Maryam Abacha, the wife of the late Nigerian Head of State, General Sani Abacha who died on the 8th of June,1998. Ever since the death of my husband, my family has been facing a lot of problems mostly with the present Civilian Government. Consequently, my son -Mohammed Abacha who has been under torture in detention for a sin he did not commit and made to make a lot of confessions as regards valuables, money inclusive that my late husband entrusted in his hand for safe-keeping has been released and presently being under security watch. The latest is his confession on the US$700,000,000.00 (Seven Hundred Million United States Dollars) cash his late father gave him for safe keeping. Please checK Newswatch Magazine of May 8th/15th, 2000 issue on Website:http://www.newswatchngr.com] to confirm the above story. Also the recent publication by THISDAY Newspaper on Thursday March 1st Edition, which London Court clear ways for more recovering of Abacha´s family looted money. Please confirm this issue on website: http://www.thisdayonline.com, click the Archive/2001/March 2001/Thursday March 1st. On these note, I deposited a total sum of US$30,000,000.00 (Thirty Million United States Dollars) sometimes march 2000 with a Security company abroad (name with held for now). Normally, we (I and Mohammed Abacha) usually do such transaction, by first sending the money out by Cargo to a security company outside Nigeria through Diplomatic means, as African Arts. And thereafter go to the security company for claim before transferring it to any bank of our choice. Presently, l can not travel out of Nigeria, because,if you have gone through the above mentioned website address, you will see how My son´s confession have implicated my husband and infact the whole of my family. This has actually caused the Federal Government of Nigeria to confiscate our international passports, frozen every of my family member bank accounts both home and abroad, even our properties. My problem now is, l want someone that can assist me to move the US$30,000,000.000 (Thirty Million United States Dollars) out from the Security Company, before Mohammed will open up to the Security Agents. To this regard l am soliciting for your assistance to claim the boxes containing the money from the Security Company and move the money to your country. I shall be ready to negotiate with you any percentage you might want from the sum. On your advise l shall be ready to invest my own share of the sum in your country. I assure you that there will be no problems at all in the course of moving out the money. Please kindly contact me on my e-mail address.I shall so much appreciate your immediate response for full details of the business which shall be given to you by my second son Mallam Abba Abacha. You should note also that my son-Mallam Abba Abacha shall handle all cases as regards this transaction as he is well abreast with this transaction for I do not have access to telephone lines now because they have been tossed by the security agents and my movement being monitored. Thanking you in anticipation to your kind understanding and cooperation. Please when replying send me your private telephone and fax numbers for the documents of the transaction. You can reach me on this box or my son on his email address via- mallamabba@gawab.com Best Regards, Hajia Maryam Abacha