hello Dear Friend, As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe everyone will die someday. My name is Dada Abu,a 74years old merchant,in the U.A.E.I have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer which was discovered very late, due to my laxity in caring for my health. It has defiled all forms of medicine, and right now I have only about a few months to live, according to medical experts. I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone not even myself but my business. Though I am very rich, I was never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focus on my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world. I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I would live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that God has called me, I have willed and given most of my properties and assets to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close friends. I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul and so, I have decided to give alms to charity organizations, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in the U.A.E,Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my self any more. I once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which I have there to charity organization in Bulgaria and Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contempted with what I have left for them. The last of my money which no one knows about other than my distant relative who is presently in the Netherlands is the huge cash deposit of 8 million dollars that I have with a security company in Amsterdam. I will want you to help me collect this deposit with the assistance of my relative and dispatch it to charity organizations.If you are interested,please email my cousin at: paulz111@tiscali.co.uk Yours Truly Mr.Dada Abu.