URGENT DR JAES MORGAN(PRINCIPAL AUDITOR) NIGERIA NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION(NNPC) FALOMO OFFICE COMPLEX IKOYI, LAGOS NIGERIA. TELL:234-1-7756759. E-MAIL:charlsmorgan2@yehey.com Dear SIR, I guess my letter would not embarrass you since I have no previous correspondence with you. The foreign trade office of the Nigeria Chamber of Commerce and Industry gave me your company's details. My request however centers on mutual collaboration and your unflinching support to confidentially set-up a Joint-Venture outfit in your country. I hope I would not regret approaching you in this matter. I am at present working as the Chairman of the Task Force that is reviewing all previous and present contract awarded by various ministries in the country. This appointment is from the office of the Presidency in the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Since the appointment took effect from November, 2000. The Task Force have jointly discovered some irregularities comprising of over invoice contract values. In the meantime, we have discovered about Nine Hundred and Eighty Million United States Dollars US$980,000,000.00). In our respective positions and status, this is an opportunity to enrich ourselves and our family, as a matter of fact, this is a timely opportunity considering the economic situation in this country, we have agreed to declare only Nine Hundred and Fifty-Six Million United States Dollars US$956,000,000.00) to the government while the balance of (US$24,000,000.00)Twenty - Four Million United States Dollars only will be remitted to your private/company's account. We hope to establish a Joint-Venture Business with you in your country. This money if accepted by you will be used in financing the cost of equity and other expenses for the take-off of the Joint Business.We have set out the machinery to enable us secure the effective remittance of this fund to your account, if only you can work with us.It is however noteworthy that this business is extremely sensitive and must be kept confidential. Furthermore, 30% of the money will be due for you as compensation for your effort and assistance, 10% for incidental expenses to be incurred on the course of transferring this fund while the rest goes into the Joint-Venture Project. Please note that remittance would be effective from 14 working days on receipt of your Bank Account details as follows: 1. Bank Name and Address 2. Account Number 3. Beneficiary's name and address 4. Private Telephone/Fax number for easy communication and confidentiality of this transaction. However, do endeavour to reply me if your capacity does not meet up our proposal so that I can further more negotiation. Best Regards, DR JAMES MORGAN.