BUSINESS PROPOSAL. PLEASE NOTE: USE ONLY abachafamily42000@yahoo.com FOR SECURITY REASONS. DR. MRS. MARIAM ABACHA ABACHA C/O. MUSA ABACHA KANO-NIGERIA BUSINESS PROPOSAL. Dear Sir/Madam, RE: US$50 MILLION / INVESTMENT ADVICE I am the wife to Ex-Nigerian(president)Head of State Late Gen. Sanni Abacha who died on the 8th of June 1998. Sometime in 1998 before his death, he entrusted to me the sum of US$50 (Fifty Million United States Dollars) which we deposited with an organization which I will disclose to you later .This money was meant for the campaign of his self-succession bid. Unfortunately he died before actualization of his aspiration. This amount of $50M entrusted to me by my late husband due to the trust and confidence he had on for me as his wife.In agreement with the Abachas family, I write to solicit your assistance to transfer this sum of $50M to you for subsequent disbursement between you and us. We are soliciting for your assistance because the present Nigerian Government are freezing any bank account traceable to the Late Ex-Head of State's family and relatives. For your assistance, we have agreed to compensate you with 20% of the total sum while 80% is for us.The major part of our share of 80% shall be used for investment overseas. Note that this transaction is 100% risk free as we have mapped out strategies for a successful transaction with the organization, which I will disclose to you later.Please Endeavor to keep this transaction absolutely secret. This transaction is expected to be concluded within 10 working days If you are interested. I would want you to contact me immediately through my private and most confidential email address(abachafamily42000@yahoo.com ) this is my confidential email address.so i will need your name,tel,fax,first three pages of international pasport and address so that i can know whom am dealing with. Thank you for your anticipated kind understanding and urgent positive response.i wiil email to you the pictures of the money once i get your reply,please help us. Best Regards, DR. MRS. MARIAM ABACHA ABACHA Private Email:abachafamily42000@yahoo.com