CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS ASSISTANCE Dear Sir, CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS ASSISTANCE I am Mr. Mohammed Jaja, Deputy Secretary-General to the Nigerian Football Association parent body of the World Youths Championship, NIGERIAN 99 Local Organising Committee. An affiliate of Federation of International Football Association (FIFA). In the course of our preparation to host the World Youth Soccer Championship Tagged (NIGERIAN 99) two years ago. Huge sum of money running into millions of United States Dollars was budgeted by the then Military Government for the successful organisation of this competition. In the same vein, the FIFA President Mr. Joseph (Sepp)Blaster donated some millions of Dollars for the same project, not to talk of Corporate bodies, Organisations and Football loving individual as the Deputy Secretary to both the Local Organising Committee (LOC) and the Nigerian Football Association (NFA), I and some of my colleagues in sensitive position were able to Over -Invoice most of the contracts, construction and refurbishing of the 8 stadia,Press Conference Rooms,Communication facilities and all other infrastructures used for the competition.The contractors who handled these projects had been paid off. I wish to inform you that the sum of US$18.5 million was realised as a result of Over-Invoicing after the successful competition and the said sum is presently lying in my Organisations (NFA) coded account with the Central Bank of Nigeria,ready for transfer into an overseas account of our choice.It might interest you to know that the New Civilian President of Nigeria has ordered that all Debt owned to foreign contractors should be paid immediately in order to woo more foreign investors into Nigeria. In the light of the above, I has been mandated by my colleagues to seek for an honest and trustworthy foreigner who will assist us in ensuring the successful Transfer of the above sum into his Personal/Companies Account. All necessary modalities/plan is duly worked out accordingly, you the account owner will be entitled to 20% of the Total fund while 5% will be used to settle any expenses that might be incurred by both parties and 75% will before me and my colleagues. You might be surprised and curious on how I got your detail in particular,it is courtesy of the Chamber of Commerce,Mines and Industry. All we require from you is your Co-operation as this Transaction is absolutely risk-free. We kindly request that you handle this transaction with utmost secrecy.We are hoping to develop a good business relationship with you. Your immediate response will be highly appreciated.I will want you to respond or through this email address;mjaja01@ecplaza.net because of the confidentiality which this transaction needs. Yours sincerely, MR. Mohammed