urgent assistance FROM: HENRICH AGAH(ESQ) HENRICH AGAH& ASSOCIATES, 45 RUMUBIAKANI,PORTHARCOURT RIVERS STATE NIGERIA. Dearest friend, I am Barrister Henrich Agah, a Solicitor. I am the Personal Attorney and Legal Representative to "Mr. Gary Val", a national of your country, who used to work with Shell Oil Development Company in Nigeria. On the 21st of April 1999, my client, his wife and their three children were involved in a car accident along Abuja Express Road. Unfortunately, they all lost their lives in the event of the accident. Since then, I have made several enquiries to your Embassy to locate any of my client's extended relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace a reliable person over the Internet to locate any member of his family but of no avail, hence, I contacted you to assist in repatriating the money left behind by my client in a Security Company here in Nigeria.Particularly, the Security Company where the deceased deposited the two trunk boxes containing $10 Million(TEN Million United States Dollars Only) does not know the content of the two trunk boxes deposited with them. Consequently, the Security Company issued me a notice to provide the Next-of-Kin to claim the two trunk boxes in their custody within the next ten official working days. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now, I seek your consent to present you as the next-of-kin of the deceased to claim the two trunk boxes since you are from the same country so that the two trunk boxes can be delivered to you by the security company. Upon receipt of the two trunk boxes, I will come over to your country to meet with you for the disbursement of the fund, and then you and me can share the money. 60% to me and 40% to you. I have all necessary legal documents that can back up any claim we may make with the Security Company. All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us see this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with me by my secured and confidential e-mail address at hc_agah555@fsmail.net Best regards Barrister Henrich Agah (Esq) POSTSCRIPT: Please indicate your telephone and fax number for further discussion/ clarification