URGENT Attn: The President, Dear Sir, My mail may come to you as a surprise, but sincerely this is a proposal for a business deal that will benefit both of us. I am contacting you after a frantic search for a person who will be trustworthy and capable of handling a business of this dimension. My name is Mr. Jonathan Mokoena, the Under-Secretary in charge of Intergration at the Specialized Technical Committee of the African Union (AU), formerly Organization of Afriacn Unity (OAU). You may be aware of the transformation of the OAU to AU, and the mandate to build a new united Africa modelled on the pattern of European Union (EU). For this therefore, the various African leaders recently inaugurated the New Patnership for African Development (NEPAD). NEPAD is to streamline Africa towards achieving a common market, defence force, currency, foreign policy, judiciary etc. For the above, the various African countries have made whosoever contributions in hundreds of million dollars. We have equally received grants/aids from the EU, USA and other international governments and agencies. These moneies in all have ran into millions of dollars. As the officer in charge of receiving and managing these funds and executing the projects for which they are ment for, I have received all the money expected. I have also prepared my account which I have submitted to the AU High Command, and it has been approved by the AU Secratary-General, Dr. Amara Essy. However, in some of the money received, some of the donor countries and international bodies remitted to us amounts in excess of what they pledged. The AU before now, has written to all of them to acknowledge the receipt of the monies from them. The money in excess and which I have kept out with only me having knowledge of it, is in the tune of Thirty-Five Million United States Dollars (US$35,000,000.00). As it is now, this money belongs to me, as neither the AU nor any of the donor countries/international agencies has declared their money missing. I am therefore contacting you to assist me with the movement and safe-keeping of this fund. As a public officer in my category, I cannot openly put this money into any bank here in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, the AU headquarters where I am now, or in any other part of Africa, as an account holder. This will surely raise eyebrows and expose me. I have therefore concealed this amount of US$35M in four metal trunk boxes, and declared them as artefacts belonging to a foreigner. I deposited the boxes with a Security Company based in Spain which has an affliate offices in Ghana, Cot d'Ivoire and South Africa. These cities are safe havens for this kind of transaction. This transaction will however be hitch-free. So, I would therefore want you to be in Banjul, The Gambia for the clearing and claiming of this fund. I will furnish you with information/documents on how you will stand as the beneficiary of the boxes. I have decided to give to you 40% of the total amount involved. Please I will want you to contact me on this e-mail address or the alternative: (joe_mokoena@fastermail.com). Also, you have to assure me of the secrecy and confidentiality in this transaction. Thanks in anticipation of your valued co-operation. Mr. Jonathan Mokoena. joe_mokoena@fastermail.com