MY WISH Dearly Beloved In Christ, Calvary greetings in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, I am former Mrs. Fatima Adijat Alade, now Mrs. Mary Abosede Alade, a widow to Late Sherrif Alade. I am 70years old. I am now a new Christian convert,suffering from long time cancer of the breast. From all indications, my condition is serious and is quite obvious that I may not live more than six months,because the cancer stage has gotten to a very severe state and my doctor has told me this. My late husband was killed during the Gulf war, and during the period of our marriage we had a son who was also killed in cold blood during the Gulf war. My late husband was very wealthy and after his death,I inherited all his business and wealth. As my doctor told me that I may not live for more than six months,I am so scared about this. So, I now decided to divide part of the inherited wealth, by contributing to the development of evangelism in part of the world. This mission which will no doubt be tasking had made me to recently relocated to Nigeria, Africa where I live presently. I selected your ministry after visiting the website for this purpose and prayed over it, I am willing to donate the sum of US$10.000,000.00(Ten Million USD)to your Ministry for the development of evangelism and also as aids for the less privileged around you. Please note that, this fund is lying with a Security Company and my family lawyer will file an immediate application for the transfer of the money in the name of your ministry. If you are interested,do contact our Lawyer on the email address below,his name is Barrister FRANK OSAROBO: email: frankosarobo@email.ro Please, do not reply me if you have the intention of using this fund for personal use. Lastly, I want your ministry to keep praying for me as regarding my health because I have come to find out since my spiritual birth recently that wealth acquisition without Jesus Christ in one's life is vanity upon vanity. If you have to die says the Lord,keep fit and I will give you the crown of life. May the Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the sweet fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you now and forevermore. We await your urgent reply. Yours in Christ, Mrs Mary A. Alade No.1 Sherrif Alade Close Off Sobande Avenue, Maryland Lagos-Nigeria.