URGENT ASSISTANCE BARRISTER BASIL EZE. NWOKES CHAMBERS. SUITE 109 OKON HOUSE MARINA VI LAGOS-NIGERIA. E-MAIL: bakko_bakko@yahoo.com Dear friend, I am Barrister basil eze personal attorney to Mr.Jeff Baroco, a national of your country, who used to work with Shell Development Company here in Nigeria herein after, shall be referred to me as my client. On the 21st of April 2001,my client, his wife and their three children were involved in a ghastly motor accident along Warri-Sagbama Express road. Unfortunately, all occupants of the vehicle lost their lives as the vehicle caught fire after the crash. Since then I have made several inquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to track his last name over the Internet, to locate any member of his family hence I contacted you. My purpose of contacting you is to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client prior to his death before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were lodged particularly, the CITY TRUST BANK where the deceased had an account valued at about US$12Million dollars. The bank had issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next thirty official working days. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name/surname so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$12 million dollars can be paid to you and then we can share the money afterwards. I have all the necessary official and legal documents that can be used to back up the claim we may make. All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us inseeing this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. For your sevices you will have 35% of the total sum, while 5% have been mapped out for the orphanage Homes. Please get in touch with me by my email address no: bakko_bakko@yahoo.com Best regards, BARRISTER BASIL EZE.