REQUEST FOR URGENT ASSISTANCE OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN CONTRACT AWARDING COMMITTEE ECOWAS HEADQUARTERS LOME,REPUBLIC OF TOGO 00228-9077-231 ACCOUNT PROVISION FOR USD45M Greetings!!. Dear, Forgive my indignation if this message comes to you as a surprise and if it might offend you without your prior consent and writing through this channel. I am DR Robinson Dike,The Chairman, Contract Awarding Committee of the ECONOMIC COMMUNITY OF WEST AFRICAN STATES (ECOWAS) with Headquarters in Lome, Togo.I got your information in a business directory from the Internet Website.when I was searching for a reliable,honest and trustworthy person to entrust this business with.I was simply inspired and motivated to pick your contact from the many names and lists in the directory. After discussing my view and your profile with my colleagues,they were very much satisfied and decided to contact you immediately for this mutual business relationship.We wish to transfer the sum of USD45,000,000.00 (Forty-five Million United States Dollars only.)into your personal or company`s bank account. This fund was a residue of the over invoiced contract bills awarded by us for the supply of ammunitions, hard/soft wares,phamaceauticals/medical items,light and heavy duty vehicles, apperals and other administrative logistics etc for the ECOMOG in Sierria-Leone and Liberia during the Peace Keeping Projects. This DEAL was deliberately hatched out and carefully protected with all the attendant lope holes sealed off.As the Chairman of CAC,I have the cooperation and mandate of the Financial Director and the Secretary of the Organisation.We arranged and over invoiced the contract funds supplied by different companies from different countries during the crisis. It was our consensus to seek the assistance of a willing foreigner to provide us with the facilities to transfer this money out of West Africa.This is borne out of our beleif in the non-stable and sporous political nature of this sub-region. The original contractors have been duely paid by the (Central Bank of the West African States)through our bankers-Progress Bank Of Africa Plc Lome Togo. This balance is suspended in the escrow accounts awaiting claims by any foreign company of our choice.We intend to pay out this fund NOW as the organisation is winding up its activities since the aim of returning PEACE to the countries and the coast has been achieved. Based on the laws and ethics of employment,we as civil servants working under this organisation, are not allowed to operate a foreign account.This is the more reason why we needed your assistance to provide an account that can sustain this fund for safe keeping and our future investment with your comprehensive advise,assistance and partnership in your country. It is however agreed,as the account owner in this deal to allow you 30% of the entire sum as compensation, 65% will be held on trust for us while 5% will be used to defray any incidental charges and cost during the course of the transaction. This transaction will be successfully concluded within 10 days if you accord us your unalloyed and due cooperation if you should provide the following: YOUR COMPANY`S NAME WITH COMPLETE ADDRESS,TEL AND FAX NUMBERS.(if available) YOUR COMPLETE MAILING ADRRESS WITH TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS. YOUR COMPLETE BANK PARTICULARS;NAME,ADDRESS,ACCOUNT NO,SWIFT CODE,TEL/FAX NOS ETC.. Upon the receipt of this informations,the documents and approval with the texts will be sent to you for confirmaton and then forwarded to the organisation for ratification and subsequent payment. As with the case of all organised (sensitive)and conspired DEALS,we solicit for your unreserved confidentiality and utmost secret in this business. We hope to retire peacefully and lead a honourable business life afterwards.There are no risks involved. I await your urgent response. Yours faithfully, Dr.Robinson Dike.