URGENT PARTNERSHIP! ATTN: STRICTLY FOR THE PRESIDENT. REQUEST FOR BUSINESS PARTNERSHIP I am PATRICK ATIKE Director General,Federal Ministry of Agriculture.My position is very sensitive.I am married with children and hold degrees in Public Administration and Business Studies. I am due for retirement any moment from now, after many years in service. REASONS FOR CONTACTING YOU I require urgently your unreserved assistance in allowing me to use your company/position to transfer fund to your country. The purpose of transfer is to take care of my retirement by investing in a viable business you might deem fit advise and to purchase a residential accommodation. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SOURCE OF FUND FOR TRANSFER Since the inception of the present government, series of contracts have been awarded by the Federal Ministry of Agriculture based on supplies (Heavy Equipment to various Local Government Areas.) amounting to several Millions of U. S. Dollars.The sum of Fifteen Million Five Hundred Thousand ($15.5 Million) was over invoiced and the contractors who made the supply have since been paid. Presently, I have arrange for the money to be kept in Coded Bank Account with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) until I am able to source for a reliable expatriate partners whom I can present as the rightful beneficiary of the fund.You will take the status of the contractor who supplied the Equipment and I will arrange the supporting documents for the Transfer. MODE OF SHARING 25% will go to you for making available to us a company infomation,giving me your unreserved assistance and keeping strictly the rules of this transaction until transfer of the fund is effected. 5% is for any contingencies and all miscellaneousexpenses incurred during the course of the transaction, procurement of vital documents, tipsand all expenses including phone/fax bills, hotelbills, taxes and bank charges must be reconciled upon confirmation of the payment by Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) 70% will be shared between me and a few colleagues of mine whose help will be highly needed throughout this period in question. OTHER PERTINENT DETAILS Everything about this transaction is real. The money is clean, after putting in so many years in service it is only normal for me to take good measures to secure my period in retirement. I have put in resources and time to bring this transaction to this level which means that it represents a lot to me,and hopefully with help from you, in just a matter of weeks, it shall come to mean a lot to you too as we meet in your country to celebrate the closing of the deal. If you are interested in this transaction, please contact me through my e-mail,and also furnish me with your direct phone, fax and e-mail lines both at your residence and your office for me to contact you. Thanking you for your kind understanding and co-operation. Yours sincerely, PATRICK ATIKE Freeserve AnyTime - HALF PRICE for the first 3 months - Save £7.50 a month www.freeserve.com/anytime