Consignment To Benefit you too Dear friend, My name is Barrister John Mensah, 41 years Ghanaian married with Five Children. I work as an administrative Secretary/Attorney with GLOBAL SECURITY COMPANY (ltd) Accra Ghana. I joined the services of this company in 1991. I got the information concerning you and your company from our Chamber of Commerce here and after due consultation, I decided to contact you believing that by the grace of God that you will be my partner in this business. I have worked with this company for over 12 years, within this period of time I watched with meticulous precision on how African Head of State and government functionaries have been moving huge sums of money (Dollars, Pound Sterling, French Franc, Cash)with the aid of their foreign partners abroad. They bring in these consignment of money cash and secretly declare the content as jewelries, Gold, Precious Stones, Family Treasure, Documents,etc. Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire, Fodey Sankoy of Sierra Leone, FelixHouphet Buigny of Ivory Coast, Konnan Bede of Ivory Coast, etc. These people have at one time or the other depositedconsignments withus and their foreign partners, relatives and Next of Kin are Claiming most of these consignment and a lot more are laying here unclaimed for as much as 7 years, as no available information to anybody except the depositors, and most of them are dead. Since the inception of the year 2003, GLOBAL SECURITY COMPANY LTD Management changed the procedure of claiming of consignments. As soon as you are able to produce all the secret information as contained in the secret file of the company as regard the consignment, it will be released to you upon demand. From our records, more than 10 consignments belonging to these people has been claimed in the past six months and this is why I am seeking for your co-operation and assistance. Mr. Francis Carden is a Zimbabwean, and he work with one of the top ministers of President Robert Mugabe who was in charge of the campaigning for re-electing Mr. Mugabe into office in their last election. He deposited this consignment in 1999 after absconding with the money 35.5 million United State Dollars ($35.5m USD). Unfortunately, Mr. Francis Carden died in Kenyan aircraft that killed all on board in 2000. Since his death, no one knows about this transaction with Global Security Company Ltd except me who acted as company attorney when he deposited the consignment. I have finished every arrangement for you to come and claim the consignment as the next of Kin to Mr. Francis Carden. The procedure is very simple: - Apply officially to the Director of operation Global security company pty Accra - Ghana, for the release of consignment No.GSS/15031964. They will demand for some documents and the security code of the consignment, you will call on me to supply you with every detailed Information as regard the consignment. As soon as they have confirmed it to be correct, the company will invite you for the collection. Nobody will ever know that I am involved in the deal , I suggest upon conclusion, we share it on the Ratio of 50%-40%and 10% will go for humanitarian service ie motherless babies home, more also you will make an arrangement on investments that I will invest my money in your country. I assure you that this business is very secure and risk free. Please, if you are not interested on this proposal, kindly let me know. Thanks Barrister John Mensah