URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL DR.FRED WILLIAMS BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER, ECOBANK LOME, FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF TOGO Dear, I am Dr FRED WILLIAMS ,the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department of ECOBANK.As a matter of facts, I got your address in LOME chamber of commerce during one of my research work in the state library to see if I could get a capable hand to assist me in this proposal. However, in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of $ 30 m US dollars (Thirty Millon US dollars) . In an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer Engr. Lee Yung who died along with his entire family in a concord plane crash in the year 2000 in paris that almost took the whole life of the pasengeres on board.Engr. Lee Yung was a contractor with the Federal Republic of Togo, he supplied and installed equipment to some construction companies in the country. Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that I and other officials in my department now decided to make this businness proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don;t want this money to go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill. The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remained unclamed after three years, the money will be transfered into the Bank treasury account as unclaimed fund. The request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and an indigene of Togo cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner. We agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as foreign partner, in respect to the provision of a foreign account, 10 % will be set aside for expenses incured during the business and 60 % would be for ;me and my colleagues. There after I and my colleagues will visit your country for disbursement accoding to the percentages indicated. Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you as arranged, you must apply first to the bank as relations or next of kin of the deceased indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where in the money will be remitted . Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or email the text of the application. I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer . You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter. Trusting to hear from you immediately. Your;s faithfully, DR. FRED WILLIAMS (Bill and exchange manager) ECOBANK. N.B.My intention of writing you through email is because I belive it is very confidential.