GOOD DAY Atten: Sir, It is obvious that this proposal will come to you as a suprise. This is because we have not met before but I am inspired to sending you this email by the huge fund transfer opportunity that will be of mutual benefit to the two of us. However, I am Barrister Maxwell Obiekwu,the personal attorney to the late Engr. Suk Hun Wufei, a Citizen of Japan, who used to work with Nigerian National Petrolum Co-operatrion (NNPC). On the 26th of August 1999, my client,his wife and their three were involved in a fatal house explossion at Nigerian National Petrolum Co-operatrion (NNPC) quaters Lagos. Unfortunately they all lost their lives including other people in the premises. Since then I have made several enquiries to several Embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives, this has also proved successful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace his relatives over the Internet to locate any member of his family but of no avail, hence I contacted you. I contacted you to assist in repartrating the money and property left behind by my client since I have no place to locate any of his relatives. I can easily convince the bank with my legal practice that you are the only surviving relation of my client. Otherwise the Estate he left behind will be confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were lodged. Particularly, My late client had an account with one of the banks in Republic of Ghana valued at about US$9.3Million (Nine Million Three Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) which I witness the documentations and the documents are with me. Conseqently,The bank issued me a notice to provide the next of kin to my client or have the account confiscated within the next twenty-one official working days since I have been unsuccesfull in locating the relatives for over several years now. I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$9.3Million (Nine Million Three Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) will be paid into your account and then you and I can share the money. 55% to me and 40% to you,while 5% should be for expenses,tax as your government or Replic of Ghana may require. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make. All I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Please get in touch with me by return email or call me on 234 80371 89723. Yours Faithfully, Barrister Maxwell Obiekwu . N.B. Please indicate your telephone and fax numbers for easy communication in this mutual transaction.