SOLICITING YOUR ASSISTANCE Dear freind, This is a proposal in context but actually an appeal soliciting for your unreserved assistance in carrying out an urgent transaction requiring maximum confidence. Though this approach appears desperate, I can assure you that whatever questions you would need to ask or any other thing you will need to know regarding this proposal will be adequately answered to give you a clearer understanding of it, so as to arrive at a successful conclusion. My name is Dr Pimentel luisa Estrada, wife of His Excellency Joseph Estrada, former President of The Philippines. My husband was impeached from office by a backed uprising of mass demonstrators and the Senate and is presently in jail on trumped up charges of corruption, embezzlement, and the mysterious charge of economy plunder which might lead to death sentence. The present government is forcing my husband out of Manila to avoid demonstration by his supporters. As God would have it,i realised some reasonable amount of money from various deals that I successfully executed, during my husband's regime as President of Philippines. I have plans to invest this money for my children's future on real estate and industrial production. I have carefully moved out these funds (US$30 million), before my husband was impeached to an offshore Deposit Company in the European Union. My husband is not aware of this because I want to handle it secretly for obvious resons. >From past experiences, many people I had regarded as close friends has capitalized on my family's travail to run away with my money. In order to avert this negative development, My son and i now seek your permission to allow my attorney do a CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP/REASSIGNMENT OF CREDIT of the stated funds from the deposit company to your name, so that the funds (US$30million) would be released to you as the new owner (on my familys behalf). I am writing because when I deposited the money in the deposit company, I told them that it belonged to a foreign business partner and my present position will not allow me to claim the funds. Consequently, I will present you as the owner of the funds in the Deposit Company so you can be able to claim the funds. This is simple. I will like you to provide immediately; 1. Full names 2. Contact address 3. Telephone and fax numbers Once I receive this information, I will prepare the necessary documents that will put you in place as the new owner of the funds. The money will then be released to your custody by the Deposit Company, for us to share in the ratio of 70% for us and 30% for you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the solicitor and this will guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately via my email address. Upon your response, I shall then introduce you to my son who is going to liaise with you for further explanation that will help you understand the transaction. No doubt this proposal will make you apprehensive, please we employ you to observe utmost confidentiality and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because we shall require your assistance to invest our share in your country (buying of properties like houses, hotels etc). This is why your urgent action and response is of priority to enable us concluded this transaction in a timely and professional manner.. Please reply me AT the email address below , my personal email , Email : drluisaestrada1@philippines.to For utmost confidentiality sake. I do expect to hear from you shortly , but if you are not interested , please accept my unreserved apology. Thanks and regards Dr.(Mrs.) Luisa Estrada