CONFIDENTIAL MR. MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA JOHANNESBURG SOUTH AFRICA Courtesy of business opportunity, I take liberty anchored on strong desire to solicit for your assistance on this mutual beneficiary and risk free transaction with you, which I hope you give urgent attention. To be precise, I am MR. MATAMELA CYRIL RAMAPHOSA the manager of bills/exchange at the foreign remittance department of First Rand Bank Limited. In my department, we discovered an abandoned sum of US$ 25.5 Million (Twenty five Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) in an account that belongs to one of our customers who died along with his entire family in 1988 Lockerbie Pan American Airline plane crash. Since we got information about his death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applied for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking procedures, but unfortunately to no avail andnobody has come forward to claim the money. Therefore, upon this discovery that I and other two officials in my department now decide to establish a cordial business relationship with you,hence my contacting you. We want you to purportedly present your good self as the next of kin or relation of the deceased so that we can release the fund (money) into your account for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and again we do not want the money to go into the government account as unclaimed bill .The banking law and procedures herein stipulates that any accounts abandoned or dormant for a period of some years is subject to be closed and all money contained therein will be forfeited to the government treasury account. Now it is being speculated that the above sum will be transferred into government treasury account as unclaimed fund on or before May 2004. The reason for you to present your good self as the next of kin is occasioned by the fact that the deceased customer was a foreigner. Mode of Sharing After the successful completion of the transfer is as follows, for the role you will be expected to play in the whole exercise, we have agreed to give you twenty (20%) of the total sum,and 10% has been set aside for the expenses we are going to encounter by both parties in the process of this transaction and the remaining 70% shall be for my colleagues and I. In support of the aforementioned, you are urged to reply this letter indicating your readiness and interest to participate in the business. After your reply, you will be advised on the next step afterwards. I quite believe that you will protect our interest by keeping this business top secret and confidential. Your interest will be equally protected, as we must maintain maximum confidentiality. Trust to hear from you THROUGH MY PRIVATE EMAIL ADDRESS "cyrilmata2@zwallet.com'' Count on your earliest reply. Thanks Yours faithfully MR.MATAMELA C. RAMAPHOSA