VERY IMPORTANT BUSINESS TOP BUSINESS PROPOSAL ATTN: PRESIDENT/C E O, I am Engineer.Chris Adamu,Chairman Senate Committee on Contracts Review and foreign payments In My Country Nigeria. Presently There is available the sum of US$18.500,000 (Eighteen Million Five hundred Thousand United States Dollars} which members of this committee wish to transfer into your account, to be used for our re-election This year 2003 general elections in Nigeria. SOURCE OF FUND. This amount was realized from inflated or over-invoiced aspect of contracts executed by some foreign firms in 1999 when Nigeria hosted the world youth soccer Championship.ln the course of our duty we observed this sum un-paid claims.lt is one of them that we intend to lodge into your bank account for our mutual benefit. REMUNERATION. We have unanimously agreed that you will be entitled to 30% of the total sum, while 10% Is set aside to offset expenses incurred during the transaction. INVESTMENT. You will be required to place 60% of the! total sum into any high yield investment facility in your country, for an initial duration of 10 months. During the 2003 elections, you will return 30% to us, but this time as a foreign loan for our election purposes. The accrued interest and the remaining 30% is what you will re-invest in the same process for a period of 4years. OPERATIONAL MODALITIES. We shall present you as one of the contractors awaiting payment for over-due contract payment for job executed for the Federal Republic of Nigeria in 1999.Application for claims, processing of approvals will be undertaken by my committee in conjunction with some highly placed officials, to ensure that fund is wired into your nominated bank account. REQUIREMENTS. Your company details, banking details, as well as your confidential tell and fax numbers should be sent to me immediately to indicate your interest. CONCLUSION. You do not stand any risk at all for being parts of this project, and your present line of business or profession is no hindrance. Honestly, our re-election in 2003 will be determined by this transaction and your ability to partner with us in all sincerity will enhance its success. Note: That this transaction is expected to last between 7-14 days from the day we received the information I am waiting for your reply via e-mail. Thanks for your co-operation and understanding while your urgent response is expected. Best Regards, Engr.Chris Adamu.(SENETOR) Note: Please reply a copy to chr_adamu@excite.com Do you Yahoo!? Yahoo! Mail Plus - Powerful. Affordable. Sign up now