letter from daniel Compliment, I contact you in such a surprising manner, but I respectfully insist that you read this mail carefully as I am optimistic that it wills open doors for unimaginable financial reward for both of us. Because i got your contact from ghana chambers of commerce when am searching for a reliable person to assist me and my mother. I am a citizen of Liberia the first son of the late personal assistance to the former Minister of Mines and Energy Dr. Sikira Mukaila who was killed by rebels during the war in Liberia. Before my Father’s death he made my mother to understand that he deposited some huge amount of money which he Made from sale of diamond and gold and give my mother all relevant document of the consignment Which deposited (marked) as family belonging, after his death. I and my mother were able to move out from Liberia through the UNITED NATION cargo ship, that Coven refugee from MORONVIA to Accra Ghana, as a refugee. My father left behind physical cash of $15 Million USD which he safely lodged in a Security Company in Accra Ghana, during his regime in the office. I am hereby soliciting your assistance to be my foreign partner and adviser because: 1) I do not know much about investment and we need you to assist me for investment of this fund in your country because am just 22yrs old. 2) You will be entitled to 10% of the total sum, for your assistance 3) Your compensation for the assistance is negotiable while 2% of the whole sum will be mapped out for expenses. 4) After the success of this transaction you are going to make arrangement for me and my mother to meet you over in your country. 5) I request that you take two working days to visit me face to face in Ghana for fast Transaction. Your urgent reply will be highly appreciated. All the necessary documents of deposit from the Security Company are with my mother. In your reply, please include your private telephone and fax Numbers for more details. Looking forward to hear from you. Thanks and GOD bless. Daniel Mukaila