URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL BURNOR DICKINS ABIDJAN COTE D'IVOIRE. Dearest one, I appologise for any inconvinient that this my mail may cause to you but it is the only way that I can communicate with you and explain my situation despite we have not met or known each other before but I believe through the humanitarian assistance we will have the opportunity to know each other better. I am BURNOR DICKINS, the only son of late Mr and Mrs ANTHONY DICKINS, a citizen of SIRRA LEONE and my sister LILIAN DICKINS. Our father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant in Abidjan, the economic capital of Ivory Coast before he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outing to discuss on a business deal. When our mother died on the 21st October 1991,our father took me and my junior sister special because we are motherless. Before the death of our father on 30th June 2002 in a private hospital here in Abidjan. He secretly called us on his bedside and told us that he has a sum of $ 9.2,000.000 (Nine Million,Two Hundred Thousand united states dollar) deposited in a private financial and security company here in his name. He also explained to us that it was because of this wealth and some huge amount of money his business associates supposed to balance him from the deal they had that he was poisoned by his business associates, that we should seek for a God fearing foreign partner in a country of our choice who can come down and claim this fund from the security company for us and use it for investment purpose, (such as real estate management). We are honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways. ( 1) To act as the foreign partner of our father by claiming this fund from the security company for further transfer and investment to your designated bank account abroad. ( 2) To serve as the guardian of this since I am a young man of 25 years and my younger sister just 21. Moreover , we are willing to offer you 10% of the sum as compensation for effort input after the successful transfer of this fund to your designated account in your country overseas. Please we strictly apply for the confidenciality of this transaction for our personal security.Kindly reply me to my personal email address :- bunor_dickins@lycos.com Anticipating to hear from you soon. Thanks and God Bless. Best regards, BUNOR DICKINS.