From Reverend Ngoly Dear Friend, First, I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction. This is by the virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential. I am sure and have confidence of your ability and reliability to prosecute a transaction of this great magnitude. We want to transfer (US$150,000,000.00) One hundred and fifty million United States Dollars from an investment bank in Port Au-Prince, Haiti to a reliable overseas account.I solicit your assistance to enable us transfer the said amount into your safe account for onward investment. You can either provide us with an existing account or to set up a new bank account immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve to receive this money, as long as you will remain honest to me till the end for this important business trusting in you and believing that you will never let us down either now or in the future. My name is Rev.Ngo Ngoly. I am the Head of International Operations of a prime commercial bank here in Bangui, Central African Republic. I have been mandated by a senior Aide of the exiled Leader of Republic of Haiti, Jean Bertrand Aristide who have just been abducted and forced to exile in Bangui, CAR together with his families and aides by the American and French government, to solicit for a reliable individual or company whom we can present as a front to effect the transfer of this funds out of Haiti. The owner has secured this amount with a fictitious name at a bank in Haiti. This Aide has equally assured me that with the assistance of their colleagues who are still holding most key post in the financial power bases of their country, it is not a problem to have the funds transferred out of the investment bank in Haiti to any other part of the world except my county, CAR. It is not a good idea to transfer this amount to my country directly from Haiti due to the fact that my country is one of the poorest nations in the whole world. Secondly, the whole world is aware that Mr.Aristide has just arrived in this country some few days ago to live in exile, it must definitely raise a big dust when the money arrives here. With my position and influence in the bank over here, the money can be transferred to any foreign reliable account that you can provide within 10 days with assurance that this money will be left untouched until our physical arrival in your country for sharing. I have secretly discussed this business with my colleague who also holds a strategic portfolio in my bank and he has willingly agreed to join the train. The 20% of this amount will be for you while the remaining balance will be for all of us here. Please reply immediately if you are interested in this business but if you wish not to participate in the deal for any reason that will only be known to you and kindly keep all this details strictly to your self. I will provide you with the full details and our mode of the operations once I receive your positive response in these regards. Best regards, Rev.Ngo Ngoly