URGENT BUSINESS PLAN Dear Friend, Greetings and complement of the season. My name is Mr. Colins Brown. I am the eastern manager of united bank of africa Plc (UBA),Abuja branch Nigeria.This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence,but please you should exercise some patience and read through my message. I have a very urgent and confidential business proposal for you. I want to transfer out $USD 26 million ( TWENTY SIX MILLION U.S DOLLARS) from our bank. I have the courage to look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable for this important Business,believing that you will never let me down either now or in future. HOW THE MONEY CAME ABOUT: There is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 nobody has operated on this account again,after going through some old files in the records I discovered that if I do not remitte this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing.The owner of this account is Mr. Jack Hamilton, he is a foreigner and the manager of of petrol chemical service,a chemical Engineer by proffession and he died since 1990, and since then no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it.secondly he did not clearify his next of kin in his deposition form when he deposited this fund in our bank.The account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is (U.S.$ 26,000,000.00). I want to tranfer this money into a safe foreign account abroad but i don't know any foreigner,I am contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to any local bank here but can only be approved to a foreign account because the money is in u.s dollars and the former owner of the account (MR.JACK HAMILTON) is a foreigner too. I know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we don't know ourself before,but be sure that it is real and a genuine business.I believe in god that you will never let me down in this business,you are the only person that i have contacted for this business for now,so please reply urgently so that we can receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be remmited. I am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with a foreign account as the real beneficiary,I need your co-operation to makethis work fine,because the management of our bank is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has the correct information to this account which i will give to you when sure of your capability to handle such amount with instrict confidence and trust,and according to my instructions and my advice for our mutual benefit because I don't want to make any mistake. I need your strong assurance and trust, I shall also destroy all documents concerning this transactions immidiately we received this money leaving no trace to any place. I will use my position and influence on other staffs to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from foreign payment department,with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for the sharing and other investment. Finally,at the conclusion of this business,you will be given 25% of the total ammount,70% will be for me ,while 5% will be for expenses both parties might have incured during the process of this transaction. I look forward to your earliest reply through my e-mail address: brown_colins@uymail.com}. Thanks and God bless you. Yours truly, Mr. Colins Brown