From Mr. Lawrence Smith CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA FOREIGN REMITTANCE DEPT. TINUBU SQUARE, LAGOS NIGERIA EMAIL-Lawrencesmith@caramail.com 25TH OF January 2003 ATTN: PRESIDENT/CEO STRICTLY PRIVATE BUSINESS PROPOSAL I am Mr. Lawrence Smith. A, the bills and exchange Director at the Foreign Remittance Department of the Central Bank of Nigeria. I am writing you this letter to ask for your support and cooperation to carrying this business opportunity in my department. We discovered abandoned the sum of US$37,400,000.00 (Thirty seven million four hundred thousand unitedstates dollars) in an account that belong to one of our foreign customers,an American late Engr.ben daniel (Junior) an oil merchant with the federal government of Nigeria who died along with his entire family of a wife and two children in Kenya Airbus (A310-300) flight KQ430 in November2000. Since we heard of his death, we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and put claims for his money as the heir, because we cannotrelease the fund from his account unless someone applies for claims asthe next of kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines. Unfortunately, neither their family member nor distant relative has appeared to claim the said fund. Upon this discovery, I and other officialsin my department have agreed to make business with you release the total amount into your account as the heir of the fund since no one came for it or discovered either maintained account with our bank, other wisethe fund will be returned to the bank treasury as unclaimed fund. We have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus: 30%for you as foreign partner and 70% for us the officials in my department. Upon the successful completion of this transfer, my colleague and I will come to your country and mind our share. It is from our 60% we intend to import computer accessories into my country as way of recycling thefund. To commence this transaction we require you to immediately indicateyour interest by calling me or sending me a fax immediately on the aboveTelefax # and enclose your private contact Telephone #, Fax #, full nameand address and your designated banking co- ordinates to enable us fileletter of claim to the appropriate department for necessary approvalsbefore the transfer can be made. Note also, this transaction must be kept strictly confidential becauseof its nature. NB: Please remember to give me your Phone and Fax No Mr. Lawrence Smith. A ------------------------------------------ Faites un voeu et puis Voila ! www.voila.fr