Business offer My dear friend, I got to know of you in my search for a reputable person to assist in An urgent deal requiring utmost trust and confidentiality. I am Bakura BJ Zamani, am a senior advocate of Nigeria and I own a personal law firm here in Lagos and Abuja both in Nigeria, (TVS CHAMBERS), an attorney and close confidant of Mrs. Maryam Abacha, the former first lady and wife to the late gen. Sani Abacha, The former head of state and commander in chief of the armed forces of The federal republic of Nigeria. She (Mrs. M. Abacha), as a result of The trust and confidence she has in me, mandated that i search for a Reliable and trustworthy foreign partner, who will help receive some Funds, which she has in cash totaling us$30m (thirty million united States dollars only) into a personal, company or any reliable foreign Bank account for safe keeping for a short period of time. her family bank Accounts within and outside the country have all been frozen by the authorities. (I will refer you to this website of a leading Nigerian newspapers The website is www.ngrguardiannew.com page 56 back page 19/10/2001 www.thisdayonline.com 4th oct. 2001 front page www.thisdayonline.com 13th nov.2003 front page, for further information about this monies and the Abachas.) It may also interest you to note that she (Mrs. Abacha) and her family Have, since the inception of the present democratic government, been Placed under partial house arrest, with their international traveler's Passports seized pending when the current fund recovery will end Between them and present president Gen. Obasanjo led federal government Is resolved, which from all indications will not exceed this year. Already, the present regime has released Mohammed Sanni Abacha, the first son from prison custody. She has decided to offer your good self if you are willing to render This tremendous assistance, 20% of the total sum. Note that this Transaction involves no risk whatsoever, as you will have no dealing with my country, Nigeria. Rather, you will deal directly with the security company and Trust company in Europe, which is where the money is right now. p/s respond to This confidential email address-{bakura1@rediffmail.com}. Kindly forward your confidential Tel / Fax number in your response to this proposal. This matter should be treated as urgent and confidential. Best regards, Bakura BJ Zamani