IS URGENT. From The Desk Of, BAR MOHAMMED SULE Sule Chamber's Lagos-Nigeria 45 Marina St Lagos. Tel:234-17-751267 Email :barrristermohammed@yahoo.co.uk Attn: Sir Following the sudden death of my husband General Sani Abacha the late former head of state of Nigeria in August 1998,I have been thrown into a state of utter confusion,frustration and hopelessness by the present civilian administration,I have been subjected to physicaland psychological torture by the security agents in the country.My son just came back from detention arraigned before the federal high court of Nigeria for an offernce he did not commit. As a widow that is so traumatized,I have lost confidence with anybody within the country. You must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited by my husband in different security firms abroad, some companies willingly give up their secre! ts and disclosed our money confidently lodged there and many outrightly blackmail us. In fact the total sum discovered by the Government so far is in the tune of $700.Million dollars.And they are not relenting to make me poor for life.You may be surprise how I got to know but I will tell you when you reply.I repose great confidence in you hence my approach to you. due to security network placed on my day to day affairs I cannot afford to visit the embassy so that is why I decided to contact you through my confidential Barrister and I hope you will not betray my confidence in you.I have deposited the sum of U.S 40.3 million dollars with a security firm abroad whose name is witheld for now until we open communication. I shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your account for safe keeping.This arrangement is known to you and my son and my barrister alone, my Barrister will deal directly with you as security is up my whole being.The nam! e of my barrister is MOHAMMED SULE. I am seriously considering to re-marry ,that is my desire as soon as this fund get into your account so that I can start all over again but if don‘t just help me in diverting this fund into your account which will accrue you 30% of this fund.Please honesty is the watch word in this transaction.Please forward your private your telephone and fax number and contact my barrister on his alternative email (barrristermohammed@yahoo.co.uk)so that we can commence communication immediately.In case you don‘t accept please don‘t let me out to the security.I will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith. Please expedite action. God bless you. BAR MOHAMMED SULE For Maryam Abacha How much mail storage do you get for free? Yahoo! Mail gives you 6MB! Get Yahoo! Mail