BANK TRANSACTION !!! FROM:MR JOHN DICKSON Dear Sir, I am MR JOHN DICKSON a Banker in one of the leading Commercial Banks here in Nigeria.I contacted you based on a mutual busiess transaction that I would want us to handle in confidence and hope you can understand the need for us to do this and for you to stand in for it. One MR STUARK WOLK and his wife. died in a ghastly motor accident while on a business trip on the 24th of August 2002. The said couple had no children and was about 63years old before their death. He never identified with anybody as his relative and investigation made could not trace any relative to the late couple. Before his death, he has the sum of Sixteen Million Five Hundred & Forty Five Thousand ,Six & Fifty Two Dollars. made from contracts he executed with Oil Companies here in Nigeria and the proceeds are with our Commercial Bank . Few weeks ago, the Bank tried requesting that the next of KIN to the deceased should come up to claim his fund deposited with our Bank.I am the Manager in charge of unclaimed funds hence my contacting you to stand in as the next of Kin. After much effort hasbeen made ,I decided to contact you as to have you stand in as the next of KIN to claim the fund so thatthe bank will not declare the account dormant , freeze or confiscate the amount as they stated in the letter sent to my Department. If you can stand in,I assure you that this is risk free as I will advise you on what to do to have this fund moved to your account and we can agree on terms of sharing. All you have to do is to conscent to this by giving me the go ahead to have you presented to the Bank as the next of kin through a lawyer.I will tell you how to get a lawyer but it has to be confidential who will apply and present you as the next of KIN. AS soon as we make application, obtain the necessary approval, the money will be paid through here or any of the banks payment centre Overseas.This will take us about 10 working days to conclude depending on how you respond to our correspondence. If you are willing to stand in as the next of Kin ,send to me your full names ,address,telephone and fax numbers. As soon as I get these information requested,I will then brief you on the procedure that has to be taken to have this transaction concluded within a short period of time. Note that we will have to reach an agreement on the shearing of the fund as you have to agree to give me my own share as soon as you receive the money to your account. I look forward to hearing from you MR JOHN DICKSON