URGENT REPLY! Dear Friend, Sorry to enroach on your privacy,but this is very important. study this portion carefully if you will be able to handle,as i might not want to be exposed of the information;considering the source and reputation of my name. I am the director of project and the newly appointed chairman contract reviewing committee[CRC]of the federal ministry of works and housing[FMW&H]in abuja,nigeria. I am seeking your assistance to enable me transfer the sum of US$16,500,000.00 into your private/company account for our mutual benefits. This money came about as a result of a contract executed on behalf of my ministry[the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing]. The contract was officially assigned to be awarded and executed by two foreign contractors at the tune of US$80,500,000.00 but in the course of my negotiation,i bargained with only one foreign contractor,a bulgarian firm which now executed the contract at the cost of US$64,000,000.00. Thus leaving the remaining US$16,5M to my benefits unknown to the contractor and another person in my ministry.this contract has been satisfactorily executed and inspected as the bulgarian firm is presently securing his payment from my ministry. It is however to this effect that i seek your maximum assistance and approval to present your company/your name alongside the Bulgarian contractor as the second foreign contractor to enable me transfer the difference[US16.5M]into your account for investment. On actualization of the transaction,the funds will be share thus; 1, 30% of the money will go to you for acting as the beneficiary of the fund. 2. 10% for reimburstment to both parties for the incidential expenses that may be incurred in the course of the transaction for the insurance,phone bills,documentation and e.t.c. 3. 60% to me. All logistics are in place and all modalities worked out for the smooth actualization of the transaction within fourteen working days of commencement after receipt of the following information by e-mail:your company's name,address,phone/fax number and activities. The above information will enable me make the application and lodge claims to the concerned ministries in favour of your company or name and it is pertinent to state here that this deal is entirely based on trust and the fear of GOD. If you are able to handle this transaction,feel free to reach me on this email address robe878@tiscali.co.uk for a perfect understanding of the transaction Thanks in anticipation for your response. Yours faithfully Robert Majus.