I Have Questions
When someone is active on messenger.... Does it mean their active on messenger. Because my boyfriend claims that he doesn't be active on messenger but the green dot shows that he's active and I even called him about 3 times and he didn't answer but it showed that he was active but if, I confront to him about it he gets mad and he gets mad easily. 
I don't know what to do. This other guy asked to take me out but I told him that I'm with someone and talking to someone but he acting funny. Well, he never showed me off or anything on social media yet and as far as I'm concerned is that guys love showing off their girlfriends. Maybe not all the time. Even if their not "all up in their business". At least that's what I heard from this guy on TikTok I think its just because he doesn't want anyone to know that we're together at all like I'm his little secret and I'm not. I'm more than that. I like it when a guy shows me off on social media and saying how beautiful and sexy I am and how great od a personality I got . He doesn't have to show me off all the time but still. 
And he's always on his game which I hate because he be locked in all day and not pay attention to any of my texts but claims that he still wants to see me Saturday. 
This security guy I guess flirted with me while we were entering the casino. He's tall as fuck and has curly hair and light skin of coarse. They always have to check my ID because they apparently don't believe that I'm 22 years old because I look 17. Honestly. And this is every time I go in their. So I know every time so I have it prepared. 
Lol! 
He probably talking to someone so I wouldn't even bother because I am to and I don't even know if Saturday will be the only time we'll ever see each other and if, he breaks up with me I wouldn't be shocked because it has happened to me before. I wouldn't be shocked just hurt. 
I never have a guy show me off or calls me beautiful or sexy. He says he wants to wait until we're in person ti take pictures of me and post it ect... Hut you don't even have to wait that long for it. Their are ways you can save my pictures and show off how beautiful I am or look. I have bad luck when it comes to dating the wrong guys and liking the wrong guys because I'll never know if, their ever is a right guy. Even if, God has that special someone waiting out their for me. Well, where is that special someone ? I'm tired of waiting.
- A


Look At God
My check came in the mail today and I was so happy because I was able to get my phone back on today and I did so I won't be so bored while I'm at work an on my 30 minute break. Bought sone stuff from Wal Mart. I bought my boyfriend this Valentine's Day card and his favorite candy which is sour patch and the card is so freaking adorable and the saying is so cute I just had to get it. I wouldn't want to not get it. 
Then, we went to the casino and now I only have like 6 dollars in my name but I get paid on the 19 which is a full check and I get paid $9 an hour which is way more than what my last job had gave me. But it should be on my card next time that I still have to update. 
But I get paid on the 19 so I should have a full check so that's fine by me and at least I have my phone back on thank goodness but next time I'm gonna get a new phone with a new service and everything because I cracked this one. 
I also haven't been writing much because I really haven't had anything to say and plus I'm working now and I be tired after work so I go home and fall asleep because I wake up at 10 in the morning until 3 and I' m not a morning person at all. 
Anyways, yea that's what I've been doing. Working and staying safe from this corona. 
- A


7 more days
As you may know, next week is Valentine's Day and I'm super excited because I'll get to see my boyfriend. But I won't give my hopes up this time as I was suppose to see him last time but we didn't get the chance to but this time it will happen or I'll be super sad. I wished Nigel a Happy birthday. It took him long to respond but he responded back saying thank you. At least I won't be one this year. That's my biggest fear yet.
- A


Introvert
Sometimes I wish I wasn't such an introvert then maybe I'll have me some friends. A couple would be just fine.
Guys send my mother friend request every single day and she hasn't accepted a single one of them so.... What am I doing wrong ?
Even my boyfriend has over 1,000 friends on Facebook but I don't even think my cousin and them don't even know all those people or even talk to them. I only have like 271 friends on Facebook and half of it is my family and the other half is from people I went to school with that I didn't even know went to school with but I did and some half are from people I recognize at school and we don't even text like that. 
Yes me and my boyfriend text everyday but still I be lonely as shit with nothing to do except work. 
I'm planning on getting my own apartment sooner or later. 
And even everytime I go to partied I be feeling left out ad fuck. Even though it was a sweet 16 party I didn't even get to take one picture with her. I tried to take one with Grandma but it looked like she just wanted to be in thr picture with her and my cousin.
Its always has been like this with me. Well maybe I do feel better because a couple of other people didn't get to take a picture including my mother, and my brother but I wouldn't think he would wanna take a picture with them anyways. The party was lame anyways. No one was barely dancing but their was food and desserts. My auntie outdone herself. 
This year, my 23 birthday will be epic. I'm thinking about having a masquerade ball and hopefully my boyfriend will be their too. 
We're also gonna celebrate Valentine's Day together next month. And hopefully to see him this weekend if nothing comes up like he said which it shouldn't. Because I really wanna see him. 
I made a collage of the pictures that he sent me and my pictures and I sent it to him and he liked them the other day and so I put it as my my background home screen because I really like how it turned out.


I also had a mental breakdown last night because... Why not ? Like I always do because I'm such a crybaby. 
And a lot of stuff just be to overwhelming for me. 
My boyfriend told me that our relationship is gonna be toxic because all do is cry all the time but I don't cry all the time. He be on the game all the time and he only calls me at night and not during the day because he be on the game. It's like the game is more important than,me. It feels like the game is more important than me. I mean I wouldn't wanna take him from a hobby that he loves to do. But if I want attention I'm gonna need attention.
Somehow guys seems to make it my fault without saying it.
I just want this relationship to work then, if not maybe I"m just meant to stay single. I love to hard when it comes to relationships and guys don't see that. 
- A


Drained
I just took a really long test today. It was so long that I almost fell asleep and I'm not even done. I gotta finish the rest tomorrow. And I only got a couple more left. Hopefully I only have two more left.
My boyfriend went live with some girl that he knows that's he says his "friend". He calls every girl his friend and I don't like that and I missed it because I was doing that stupid but I guess but important test. I wonder what they were talking about. I have trust issues and it mainly has to do with the guy that I'm in a relationship talking to other girls thinking they might have something going on. 
And he has anger issues because its like everything I say about feelings wise he gets mad and say What now and stuff like that because he'll know that I'll complain so much when I'm just saying how I feel. 
I'm depressed and I shouldn't be but I am and I'm drained. I'm sad and I'm drained. I wanna cry because I'm drained. I know I should be grateful for everything and that I shouldn't be all those things but who says its not okay to have feelings.
Apparently EVERYONE!!!! 
Mood: UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
( Like tina from Bob's Burger ) 
Hopefully my job takes my mind off of everything. And no guy is even cute at my job so that's a good thing. They were all starring at me because I was the " new girl". I finally changed my profile pic because I took a work picture with my white t-shirt and pants but I really liked it so much that I set it up as my profile so. Ha! 
Also maybe if we see each other this weekend it'll be better.
We'll see. 
I just realized that I've been babbling on and on and on and on because I'm so tired. Okay bye. 
- A


Happy Birthday mom
Today my mother turned 41. I did a post about her on Facebook like I usually do. I wish I could give her something if, I had the money to. But I start my job Tuesday morning at 10 they gave me the call and everything. So, when I do that I can definitely buy her something from Amazon. All I know is that she loves Betty Boop so I saw a cup that I think she would absolutely love and a jacket hoodie.
Last night I got so drunk. I had two cans of those sex on the beach at the gas station and no worries I used a glass because of corona going around and stuff. 
Well he was suppose to come last night but he didn't because he said that his mom was in the hospital or whatever. Now I have to probably wait until, Valentine's Day. But he owes me big time on that day. Nothin but me and him. 
I saw Li outside with his so-callee best friend which I think is his girlfriend even though he told me that he wasn't ready for a relationship when he just didn't wanna be with me then he had the nerve to text me why did I block him when he know damn well why I blocked him is because of that reason. But then when I told him why, all he had to say was okay. All he ever did say was okay.
I just listened to music all day. My mom got herself a room for her birthday today and I asked if, I go to the casino with her she was like no. Even though last time she said that she would take me with her but apparently not. 


I don't even know why I'm so worked up over him when I have a boyfriend and he has a girlfriend that he's on and off with. When no matter what he'll always will go back with her. I mean nothing to him. Even though its only been a while. I wanted us to text even longer and he's my next door neighbor. Yea.. Shocker. 
It still hurts but I'll get over it eventually. I have a boyfriend now. ❤
- A


I Got In
So, I did end up getting the job that I had an interview for at and because they said that they really need some people so they hired me instantly. But now I have to wait until next week to start my job. 
They told me to check my mail because they were gonna send me some information and they still haven't sending it because I've been looking through nt email every day and nothing. Or, did she say next Wednesday???
We're having a kickback tomorrow for my mother's bday which is Sunday. We're gonna play this drinking game of what I found on Facebook. Basically its like spin the bottle but drinking game addition. Wherever it lands on the red cup you gotta drink it. Sounds like fun. Right ?
Right.


Another Interview
So, I have another interview but tomorrow morning at 9 and I have to wear something casual. My last job just told me to wear some black pants and a white t-shirt. 
What if I gotten both jobs ? 
That'll be double the money and tired me. But I don't know about the second job though. I'm still skeptical about it. Still thinking. I mean I don't really have anywhere else to be or anywhere to do or anything like that and it keeps me from being bored at the house but then again I don't wanna tire myself out even if, I do get the job. We' ll see what happens. And I can get a new phone because I hate that I cracked my current phone. I really and always wanted an iphone XR. Maybe I'll get it this time for sure if, I work two jobs. 
- A


Unemployed
Its been two weeks since I last quit my job and I still haven't gotten another one yet. I still haven't heard from that last job that I had an interview with. Krystal's. I called them 5 times and they kept saying that they'll call me back but didn't. Maybe that job isn't meant for me. That is why I got another job interview at Arby's on Monday at 4:30 PM. I also applied for other jobs like Dollar tree,ect... But I have to wait for them to call me back unfortunately. 
Me and Li aren't talking anymore. He told me all this stuff when he was just lying to my face. He told me that he wasn't " ready for a relationship" but now all of a sudden has a girlfriend. He had a girlfriend the whole time because he was texting her every time that we hung out . He just didn't wanna be with me. But he'll regret it. I should be with someone who wants to be with me like Diorr. At least I knoe he wants me to be his girlfriend. He seems cute. He doesn't do much. He plays his game a lot. He texts back fast. We be on the phone. I don't think any of my ex's have done anything like that they always take forever to respond. Maybe he is different. 


Oh yea , I cracked my phone today. Something I thought never would've happen. So now I have to get a whole nother phone. But I have to get a job first. 
- A


OverReacting
Nigel said I was overreacting when he told me he had sex with another girl. The girl that he lost his virginity to and that he didn't expect me to act a certain way about it is bullshit knowing that I've had feelings for him. 
Do I not suppose to act a certain way to that thinking he actually liked me back like he says he supposedly does ? 
And then he goes on saying that I shouldn't because we're not in a relationship like I don't know that already.🙄.
Like, you don't have to rub it in my face. But he still says he wants to see me and have sex with me but I'm to far away but he didn't complain about distance when he had sex with that girl. He also then told me that it was horrible that he didn't even get the chance to cum and that I should be happy about that.
Why should I be happy about that ? If anything I should be hurt. But I'll get over it. Eventually. And I'm sure that he'll be thrilled.
- A
Balloon Release 🎈
We had a balloon release today celebrating my Grandpa's passing. We had a few words and we released the balloons posted it on Facebook. I then got home took a brief nap woke up and ate and got drunk. I could barely walk all day. Lol.


Nigel had lost his virginity to some girl recently last week and not even tell me and when he told me I got mad because he knew how I felt about him but didn't even care enough to think about it. Saying that they had talked for a while and he was to impatient to wait on me saying that I live far away when we live in the same city but he would make time to see her and she probably lives far away too. But he keep saying that he's so-called " not ready for a relationship". 
I saw Pac Man at my cousin sweet 16 party yesterday and its been forever since I seen him. Been forever since that last time that he wanted me to ride on the 4 wheeler because I never rode on one before and he told me to just hold onto him but I didn't because I was scared but was thinking about it. But only because I really liked him and it would've been really awkward. For me. Then, when I saw him yesterday I felt him starring at me but he didn't talk to me really because I didn't talk to him. 
Maybe he knows that I like him that's why he starred at me the whole time their. I starred at him back a little bit. Maybe he noticed me. But then he was such in a rush to go. Wishing he would stay longer.
I probably will never see him again after that.
But yea what Nigel said really got the best of me but then he says I shouldn't be sad about it because we're not in a relationship and we're not. So I don't know why I'm getting so worked up over a guy who doesn't even wanna be in a relationship at all or so he says but wants to have sex with me . Diorr texts me constantly and we be on the phone and he texts me quickly and doesn't take long to answer like Nigel and Li does. 
Maybe he's the one for me but.... Who knows? 
Nigel kept thinking that I was drunk the whole time when actually it was dying down now ever since I had a bottled water. My mom is planning on going to Mississippi Beloxi for her birthday but doesn't know because of the risk of covid and all. It would be fun to get out of the city for once. I'm with her 100%. 
This year for my 23 birthday I wanna do a masquerade ball. I think it'll be fun.
Anyways, I should sleep some of this drunkness off of me. 
- A